1 I is positioned down and to the left of K.
2 P presents upper right to U.
3 U and I are parallel, and U is to the right of I.
4 S and D are in a vertical line with S on top.
5 M is placed in the right direction of P.
6 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	left	1
1 Q is on the top and G is at the bottom.
2 D is to the left of V horizontally.
3 G is over there with J below.
4 Q is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
5 A is at V's 3 o'clock.
6 S is placed on the top of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L is over there and E is on the left of it.
2 R is sitting at the lower left position to D.
3 E and U are vertical and E is below U.
4 E is above and to the left of Z.
5 U and I are parallel, and U is over I.
6 L is directly north east of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 R is on the lower left of L.
2 T is sitting at the upper right position to P.
3 N and T are vertical and N is below T.
4 N is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 I and T are in a vertical line with I on top.
6 J is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 L and G are next to each other with L on the top and G at the bottom.
3 R is at H's 6 o'clock.
4 K is north east of R.
5 X is placed on the top of N.
6 R and A are parallel, and R is to the left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 F and N are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 Q is upper left of C.
3 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
4 B is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
5 B presents over T.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	right	1
1 H is to the right of M horizontally.
2 W is over there and D is on the right.
3 W is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 O is positioned in the top left corner of W.
5 O is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
2 R is at Y's 3 o'clock.
3 P is diagonally to the upper right of E.
4 A is positioned above B.
5 O is diagonally left and above O.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Object H is below object J and to the left of it, too.
2 X is on the right and Q is on the left.
3 The object R and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
4 Q is to the upper left of R.
5 Q is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	below	1
1 X is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The object J and O are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 X is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 P is placed in the right direction of E.
5 X is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
6 X is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 R is over D.
2 Z is sitting in the right direction of L.
3 J and S are in a vertical line with J on top.
4 The objects W and U are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
5 U is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 W presents over Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 W is over there with R below.
2 C is upper left of T.
3 K is sitting at the lower left position to R.
4 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
5 N and W are side by side with N on the top and W at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 C is sitting at the upper right position to K.
2 F is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
3 M is positioned above F and to the right.
4 F is over there and R is directly above it.
5 N is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 V and B are parallel, and V is to the right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	above	1
1 D is above and to the left of C.
2 Z is sitting in the left direction of F.
3 Z is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
4 M is on the right and A is on the left.
5 C is on the lower left of F.
6 E is below and to the left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object N.
2 L is upper left of H.
3 P and R are next to each other with R on the right and P on the left.
4 Z is over there and J is on the top of it.
5 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
6 H and Z are vertical and H is below Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 E is on the lower left of V.
4 H is over there and D is directly above it.
5 V is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the bottom of B vertically.
2 G is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
3 I is at W's 3 o'clock.
4 J is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 If G is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 G is diagonally left and above G.
3 G is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 E is over there and U is on the right of it.
5 P is above U at 10 o'clock.
6 C is to the left of H horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N is lower right of H.
2 H is directly below J.
3 Y is to the bottom-right of J.
4 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
5 W is positioned down and to the left of J.
6 R and B are both there with the object R is to the left of object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 O and M are side by side with O to the left and M to the right.
3 F is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
4 M is positioned in the front right corner of C.
5 E is above and to the left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
2 H is to the left of O.
3 H is on the left side of and below B.
4 D is sitting in the right direction of J.
5 J is to the bottom-right of O.
6 H is over there and T is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E and V are vertical and E is below V.
2 P is to the upper left of I.
3 G is on the right and X is on the left.
4 Q is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 Object Q is above object V and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 R and U are parallel, and U is below R.
2 Z is at R’s 9 o'clock.
3 U is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 K is placed at the upper left of J.
5 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
6 Y is over there and E is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
2 S is below Y with a small gap between them.
3 O is above C and to the left of C.
4 C is below X at 4 o'clock.
5 Z is under M.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 I is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
2 H is on the left side and above I.
3 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
4 Y is diagonally to the upper right of C.
5 W and A are both there with the object W is to the left of object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 J is below S with a small gap between them.
2 Q is above D and to the right of D.
3 J is at the lower side of Z.
4 K presents left to W.
5 J is directly north west of O.
6 Q is on the lower right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 A presents left to Z.
2 Z is positioned right to D.
3 O is on the lower right of Z.
4 J is diagonally below C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 A is sitting at the lower left position to C.
6 B and M are horizontal and B is to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	right	1
1 L is diagonally left and below T.
2 L is directly south west of O.
3 Q is under H.
4 R and U are next to each other with U at the bottom R on the top.
5 U and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
6 U is placed at the upper left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	below	1
1 X and Y are parallel, and Y is below X.
2 N is on top of Y.
3 M is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
4 A and D are side by side with A to the left and D to the right.
5 N is to the right of L horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 V is on the top side to K.
2 P is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
3 A is sitting in the left direction of E.
4 V is diagonally to the bottom right of N.
5 N is over there with H below.
6 Y is positioned above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the bottom of D.
2 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
3 D is to the upper left of G.
4 G is to the upper left of U.
5 A is positioned below V and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	left	1
1 Q and E are next to each other with E at the bottom Q on the top.
2 V and T are parallel, and V is to the right of T.
3 T and H are parallel, and T is to the left of H.
4 H and Y are parallel, and H is over Y.
5 Y is sitting at the lower right position to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	right	1
1 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
2 N is over Z.
3 A is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 The object G and N are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
5 X presents lower left to V.
6 L and Y are parallel, and L on the right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 J is below Z.
2 Object H is below object X and to the left of it, too.
3 Z and H are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
4 D and T are both there with the object T below the object D.
5 V and X are parallel, and V is under X.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 J and L are in a vertical line with L below J.
2 X is directly south east of O.
3 L is sitting at the lower right position to D.
4 U is positioned in the front right corner of L.
5 U is diagonally to the upper left of O.
6 Z and S are horizontal and Z is to the right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 Y is south west of S.
2 S is sitting at the upper left position to X.
3 H is to the bottom-right of I.
4 A presents below V.
5 If W is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
6 S and A are side by side with S to the right and A to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 E is placed at the upper right of W.
2 W and S are parallel, and W is on top of S.
3 Object H is below object E and to the right of it, too.
4 If X is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
5 S is above M.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the left of W horizontally.
2 P is sitting at the upper right position to H.
3 A is positioned down and to the left of S.
4 A is positioned below and to the right of C.
5 X is positioned down and to the left of S.
6 X is on the left side of and below H.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 H is positioned above and to the left of I.
3 G is to the left of O.
4 D and S are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
5 D is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 J is north west of A.
2 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
3 A and F are horizontal and A is to the right of F.
4 L is positioned below A and to the right.
5 H and V are both there with the object H is to the right of object V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Z is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 G is positioned left to A.
3 X is sitting at the lower position to S.
4 S is to the top right of A.
5 R is south east of X.
6 The object K is positioned directly below the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 S and G are both there with the object S is to the right of object G.
2 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to M.
3 K is on the lower right of G.
4 C is on the right side and top of L.
5 B is below and to the right of L.
6 C is positioned right to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 J is on top of O.
2 F is on the left side to G.
3 F is directly north east of O.
4 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
5 G is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	above	1
1 O is upper right to S.
2 T is directly above Z.
3 I is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
4 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
5 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
6 S presents over T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the bottom right of Z.
2 J is over there and I is on the left.
3 D is placed at the upper right of Q.
4 Z is above and to the left of A.
5 J is diagonally right and below F.
6 V is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 E presents right to L.
2 L is sitting at the lower left position to U.
3 O is at the bottom of F.
4 H presents lower left to V.
5 F is positioned above L and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	below	1
1 E is at H's 6 o'clock.
2 E is diagonally left and below N.
3 Y is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 V is to the upper left of I.
5 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
6 E is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 P is at V's 12 o'clock.
2 H is to the top-left of X.
3 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
4 O is positioned in the top left corner of D.
5 The object K is positioned directly below the object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	below	1
1 U is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 Q is on the right side to W.
3 The object R and Z are there. The object Z is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
4 W is placed on the top of U.
5 Y and T are next to each other with Y on the left and T on the right.
6 R is positioned above W and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	right	1
1 L is over there and N is directly above it.
2 H is over there and B is on the right of it.
3 R is to the left of T.
4 B presents left to D.
5 N is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 B is at Z's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	right	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 P is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
3 R is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
4 Y is on the right side to P.
5 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
2 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
3 T is positioned up and to the right of H.
4 C is positioned in the front right corner of H.
5 C and J are parallel, and C is to the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 S is over there and B is directly above it.
2 N is positioned above D and to the right.
3 T and C are next to each other with C on the right and T on the left.
4 C and D are parallel, and C is under D.
5 H and N are next to each other with N on the right and H on the left.
6 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 E is south west of T.
2 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
3 B is on the right side and below P.
4 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
5 T and B are parallel, and B is below T.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 R is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 E is under T.
3 E and M are both there with the object M below the object E.
4 The object A is positioned directly above the object O.
5 D and T are both there with the object D is to the left of object T.
6 D is positioned below and to the right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
2 Q is above Y at 10 o'clock.
3 H presents left to R.
4 X is over there and P is on the left.
5 X is south east of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	above	1
1 N and Y are in a vertical line with N on top.
2 T and C are parallel, and T is to the left of C.
3 U presents lower right to X.
4 C is above N with a small gap between them.
5 I is to the right of Y horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	below	1
1 V and U are parallel, and V on the right of U.
2 The objects E and N are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
4 V and Z are parallel, and V is to the left of Z.
5 T is to the bottom left of X.
6 X is north east of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 A and K are horizontal and A is to the left of K.
2 C is below and to the left of L.
3 D and B are parallel, and D is over B.
4 O and C are both there with the object O is to the right of object C.
5 C is on the right and D is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 F and J are vertical and F is below J.
2 The object T is positioned directly below the object V.
3 W is positioned below O.
4 T is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
5 W is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	below	1
1 W is placed at the upper left of Z.
2 Y is below B.
3 Z is at N's 6 o'clock.
4 W presents left to B.
5 The object R is positioned directly below the object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 I is over there and V is on the left.
2 B is lower left to V.
3 O and W are parallel, and O is to the right of W.
4 O is on the right and I is on the left.
5 Q is below N and to the right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 J is under F.
2 R is positioned above U and to the right.
3 R is upper right to M.
4 R is on the left and G is on the right.
5 G and Q are side by side with G to the left and Q to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	left	1
1 V is placed in the left direction of I.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
3 V is sitting at the top position to M.
4 E is diagonally to the bottom right of Y.
5 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
6 Y is sitting at the lower right position to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 Q is positioned above S and to the left.
2 O is south west of H.
3 If S is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
4 Q is to the right of J.
5 V and R are both there with the object V is to the right of object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	below	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of J.
2 N is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
3 J is above E and to the right of E.
4 Q and V are both there with the object V below the object Q.
5 N is placed on the top of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 U is above P with a small gap between them.
2 T is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 P is directly south west of L.
4 J and W are next to each other with W at the bottom J on the top.
5 If U is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
6 U is on the right and B is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	left	1
1 M is below and to the left of O.
2 R is positioned in the top left corner of U.
3 O is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 U and N are next to each other with U on the top and N at the bottom.
5 R and O are parallel, and R on the right of O.
6 S is at D's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	left	1
1 K is below D and to the left of D.
2 I is lower right of A.
3 X is on the right and I is on the left.
4 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
5 D and A are parallel, and D is on top of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 J and X are parallel, and J is to the left of X.
2 J is to the top-left of F.
3 K is at R's 6 o'clock.
4 B is on the upper right of F.
5 J is below and to the right of K.
6 E is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	right	1
1 E is to the upper left of Y.
2 G and S are both there with the object G above the object S.
3 N presents right to S.
4 S and Y are parallel, and S is to the right of Y.
5 U is placed in the right direction of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned left to O.
2 O is at J's 12 o'clock.
3 O is to the bottom-left of R.
4 S is at the lower side of X.
5 I is positioned in the front right corner of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled Z.
2 J is on top of Z.
3 J and F are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
4 T and H are parallel, and T is under H.
5 E is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
6 J is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E is to the top-right of W.
2 L is to the bottom-left of V.
3 Y is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
4 O presents below E.
5 Q is placed at the upper right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	below	1
1 Z is placed on the top of Y.
2 X is below P.
3 Z and J are parallel, and Z is under J.
4 Z is positioned left to E.
5 V is below Y at 4 o'clock.
6 J is to the top-right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
2 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
3 N and I are side by side with I at the bottom and N on the top.
4 The object R is positioned directly below the object D.
5 B is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
6 V is placed at the upper right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 J is placed in the right direction of G.
4 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
5 Z is placed at the upper right of J.
6 P is sitting at the upper left position to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	right	1
1 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
2 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 Object M is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
4 J and L are parallel, and J on the right of L.
5 H is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
2 K and O are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
3 R is above K.
4 O is north west of M.
5 T is directly south west of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 T is below and to the right of W.
2 W and O are parallel, and W is to the left of O.
3 N is over there and L is directly above it.
4 F is above and to the left of T.
5 U is over there with F below.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the upper left of D.
2 J and S are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
3 U is diagonally to the bottom right of O.
4 I and C are parallel, and I on the right of C.
5 D is to the left of C horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 P is at B's 12 o'clock.
2 K is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
3 P is over there and H is on the left.
4 P is on the left and S is on the right.
5 S is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
6 V is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	right	1
1 B and G are parallel, and G is below B.
2 The object O is positioned directly above the object W.
3 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
4 X is above Q at 10 o'clock.
5 B is over there and X is on the left of it.
6 B is to the bottom right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 U is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 C is positioned above V and to the left.
3 J is over there and E is on the left.
4 C is to the top right of G.
5 J and G are parallel, and J on the left of G.
6 G presents upper left to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 D is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
2 N and Q are horizontal and N is to the left of Q.
3 O is south east of G.
4 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
5 P is over there with O above.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 Z is positioned right to V.
2 If Y is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
3 T is below P and to the right of P.
4 S and V are both there with the object V below the object S.
5 W is on the upper right of V.
6 Q is to the upper left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 L is south west of E.
2 If W is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
3 K is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 P is on top of X.
5 H is positioned below and to the right of L.
6 V is to the top of E vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	below	1
1 F presents lower left to I.
2 F and C are side by side with C at the bottom and F on the top.
3 K is on the right side and top of P.
4 O is sitting at the lower right position to F.
5 X is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 I is under N.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 X presents over N.
2 N is positioned above F.
3 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
4 X is lower right of Y.
5 Q presents left to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 V is over R.
2 T is sitting at the lower left position to A.
3 H presents right to V.
4 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
5 B is over there and A is on the left.
6 N is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	right	1
1 X is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 X and B are parallel, and X is to the left of B.
3 N is over there and B is at the bottom of it.
4 Y is positioned in the front right corner of B.
5 M is on the lower left of P.
6 R is sitting in the left direction of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 H is sitting at the lower position to D.
2 G is above Q and to the right of Q.
3 Q is on the right side and below F.
4 H is to the bottom-left of E.
5 T is positioned in the top left corner of J.
6 Q is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is below G at 7 o'clock.
2 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
3 X is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 G is lower right of X.
5 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
6 W is directly above G.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
2 H and M are both there with the object H is to the right of object M.
3 M is above and to the right of B.
4 C is on the lower right of I.
5 A presents right to M.
6 Z is positioned above A and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the top right of V.
2 I is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 U presents over K.
4 V and K are side by side with K at the bottom and V on the top.
5 D is under Y.
6 U and F are next to each other with F on the right and U on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Z presents below N.
2 B is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
3 B presents left to V.
4 Y is at the bottom of J vertically.
5 N and I are in a vertical line with I below N.
6 A and Z are parallel, and A is to the left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Q and C are parallel, and Q is on top of C.
2 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
3 C is below L at 4 o'clock.
4 L is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 I presents upper right to T.
6 H is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 V is on the top side to B.
3 L is on the left side to R.
4 The object I and Z are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object Z.
5 If Z is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
6 The objects L and I are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 E is to the top-right of D.
2 V is at L's 12 o'clock.
3 Z is to the right of N horizontally.
4 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
5 V is diagonally left and above V.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Q and O are next to each other with O at the bottom Q on the top.
2 C is at X's 12 o'clock.
3 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
4 V is above and to the left of G.
5 G is positioned below Y and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 J is at the bottom and K is on the top.
2 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
3 M is upper right to F.
4 Z and F are next to each other with Z on the top and F at the bottom.
5 I is directly south west of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	right	1
1 K is below B and to the left of B.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
4 Object U is below object I and to the right of it, too.
5 I is below and to the right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Z and M are parallel, and Z is to the right of M.
2 P and L are parallel, and P is to the left of L.
3 X is over there and Z is on the left.
4 H is directly north east of M.
5 H is to the upper left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 O is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 F is to the top right of J.
3 L is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 R is to the upper left of J.
5 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
6 Y is placed at the upper left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	below	1
1 Object K is above object G and to the left of it, too.
2 D is over B.
3 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object S.
4 F is to the left of K horizontally.
5 X is at the bottom of V.
6 S and X are vertical and S is below X.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 R is above and to the left of D.
2 B is on the top and T is at the bottom.
3 D and Y are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
4 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
5 Y is at the bottom of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	below	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 Z is sitting at the upper left position to A.
3 F is sitting in the left direction of Z.
4 L is on the left side and above O.
5 U is positioned in the top left corner of W.
6 Q is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	below	1
1 T is to the top-left of F.
2 P is on the right and D is on the left.
3 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
4 F is to the upper left of Q.
5 T is under N.
6 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 F is directly south east of V.
2 G is on the lower right of M.
3 F is directly north east of G.
4 N and G are in a vertical line with N on top.
5 L is on the lower left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 N and K are side by side with N to the right and K to the left.
3 U is positioned above V and to the right.
4 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
5 U is positioned above X and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
2 X is sitting at the upper left position to P.
3 The object Z is positioned directly above the object F.
4 H is above X with a small gap between them.
5 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object X.
6 Object E is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the lower position to F.
2 K and X are side by side with K on the top and X at the bottom.
3 B and Z are next to each other with B on the top and Z at the bottom.
4 F presents lower left to Q.
5 Q is on the left side of and below Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 E and A are vertical and E is above A.
2 O is diagonally left and below R.
3 A is positioned in the top left corner of R.
4 C presents lower right to R.
5 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the lower right position to V.
2 N is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
3 R and U are side by side with U at the bottom and R on the top.
4 R is above H with a small gap between them.
5 Z is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	left	1
1 Y and G are next to each other with G at the bottom Y on the top.
2 E is sitting at the top position to O.
3 E is to the upper left of A.
4 D is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
5 I is diagonally to the upper right of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	above	1
1 J is on the left side and above W.
2 F is over there and Z is on the left.
3 Q and O are vertical and Q is below O.
4 J is above F.
5 H is directly below Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	above	1
1 S and N are parallel, and S is over N.
2 O is sitting at the upper right position to S.
3 I and S are parallel, and I is under S.
4 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object O.
5 F is placed in the right direction of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	above	1
1 U is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
2 Z is upper right to P.
3 T is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 S is diagonally below C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 T is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Object E is above object B and to the left of it, too.
3 Z is over E.
4 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
5 S is over there and Z is on the left.
6 B is over there and D is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 V is sitting in the left direction of M.
3 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
4 B presents upper left to K.
5 X is on the left and P is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 W and G are parallel, and W is to the right of G.
2 W is sitting at the upper left position to H.
3 K and I are side by side with I at the bottom and K on the top.
4 W is over there with T below.
5 T is below N at 7 o'clock.
6 E is diagonally left and below H.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 L and D are vertical and L is below D.
2 S and O are parallel, and S is to the left of O.
3 The object O and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
4 G is sitting at the lower position to F.
5 A presents over D.
6 S and N are parallel, and S on the left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	right	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 K is directly south west of R.
3 L is directly south east of E.
4 W and S are next to each other with W on the top and S at the bottom.
5 U is to the left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
2 L is over Y.
3 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
4 U is at J's 12 o'clock.
5 D is positioned below E and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 U is placed at the lower left of E.
2 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to U.
3 D is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
4 J is placed at the bottom of W.
5 R is sitting at the upper right position to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	above	1
1 Object K is below object V and to the left of it, too.
2 V is below E and to the left of E.
3 B and R are side by side with B to the left and R to the right.
4 V presents right to W.
5 W and F are next to each other with F at the bottom W on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	below	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object G.
2 G presents left to R.
3 T is over there and I is on the right.
4 P is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 L is over there and W is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 M and L are vertical and M is above L.
2 C is placed at the bottom of Z.
3 N is to the top-left of V.
4 F is sitting at the lower right position to C.
5 L is below C and to the right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 E and N are horizontal and E is to the left of N.
2 M is positioned up and to the right of U.
3 M is to the right of Z.
4 M is at the bottom of K vertically.
5 I is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
6 R is upper right to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
2 W is positioned left to X.
3 C is to the upper left of X.
4 C is above L.
5 A is over there and T is directly below it.
6 L is diagonally left and above L.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 T is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 B and G are parallel, and B is on top of G.
3 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
4 Z is below and to the left of V.
5 V is positioned in the top left corner of W.
6 H is on the left side of and below W.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the top-left of U.
2 M is positioned down and to the left of N.
3 H is below J at 4 o'clock.
4 The object H is positioned directly below the object G.
5 G is at Y's 3 o'clock.
6 E is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	above	1
1 V and E are parallel, and E is below V.
2 Z is on the lower left of N.
3 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
4 N is diagonally left and above N.
5 J is directly north west of H.
6 R is to the left of G horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned below L.
2 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object R.
3 The objects O and A are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
4 X is on the left side and above B.
5 X is diagonally right and above T.
6 X is diagonally below A to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the top-left of U.
2 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 J is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face J.
4 E is on top of J.
5 U is to the upper left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the top-right of E.
2 V presents lower left to G.
3 J is to the upper left of G.
4 E is placed at the upper left of V.
5 C and Z are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
6 V is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	above	1
1 M and A are parallel, and M is over A.
2 M is sitting in the right direction of V.
3 B is lower left to Q.
4 A is on top of F.
5 V is positioned below D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	above	1
1 Y is on top of N.
2 X is positioned in the lower right corner of F.
3 S is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 C is diagonally left and below S.
5 S is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
6 L is on the right and N is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 O is over there with N below.
2 H is over there with I below.
3 The object Y and N are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
4 Y is on the top side to Q.
5 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	above	1
1 M is directly below D.
2 Q presents upper left to O.
3 M is at O's 6 o'clock.
4 R is over there with J below.
5 G is above M and to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the top side to W.
2 V is above Y and to the left of Y.
3 F is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 V is positioned down and to the left of W.
5 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Y is below V at 7 o'clock.
2 M is positioned in the front right corner of N.
3 J is above H at 2 o'clock.
4 Z is under S.
5 Z is placed in the left direction of M.
6 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	left	1
1 K presents below R.
2 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 L is above and to the right of K.
4 M and X are both there with the object M is to the left of object X.
5 P is over there and W is directly below it.
6 R is placed on the top of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	above	1
1 Y is to the top right of X.
2 D and G are parallel, and G is below D.
3 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
4 Y is to the upper left of P.
5 Y is positioned below D.
6 X and F are parallel, and X on the left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 F is sitting at the upper right position to N.
2 Y is on the left side and above F.
3 O is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
5 F is to the left of K horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	above	1
1 The object I is positioned directly above the object B.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
3 U is directly north west of S.
4 C and D are both there with the object D below the object C.
5 I is placed at the upper right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	left	1
1 N is placed at the lower right of D.
2 N is sitting in the left direction of I.
3 Z and V are next to each other with Z on the left and V on the right.
4 Q is above F and to the left of F.
5 Q is on the left and N is on the right.
6 T is over there and F is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the left of K horizontally.
2 The object O and K are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 F is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 T is below and to the left of I.
5 H and X are parallel, and H on the right of X.
6 I is over there and K is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	right	1
1 M is placed in the left direction of J.
2 J is to the top-right of Q.
3 T is directly north west of D.
4 X and J are both there with the object X above the object J.
5 Q is sitting in the right direction of K.
6 G is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 D is directly above X.
3 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
4 E is over H.
5 If T is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	above	1
1 J is sitting in the left direction of S.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
3 T is at the bottom of N vertically.
4 M is diagonally left and below X.
5 Z is positioned in the top left corner of I.
6 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	below	1
1 E and J are parallel, and E is to the right of J.
2 C is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 If J is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
4 A is placed at the lower left of R.
5 C is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 I is on the left and Z is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object D and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 X and U are horizontal and X is to the left of U.
3 U is on the left side to H.
4 E and N are next to each other with N on the right and E on the left.
5 L is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 B is lower right of F.
2 Y and O are parallel, and Y is over O.
3 B is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
4 Y is above F and to the right of F.
5 G is to the top-right of N.
6 The objects Y and J are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	above	1
1 M is placed at the upper right of F.
2 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
3 R is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
4 B and V are side by side with B on the top and V at the bottom.
5 P is positioned below M and to the left.
6 K is placed at the bottom of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 D presents lower right to T.
2 J is on the lower left of C.
3 M is placed at the lower right of U.
4 O is sitting at the upper left position to J.
5 D is below C and to the left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 S is at K's 3 o'clock.
2 K and Z are vertical and K is above Z.
3 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
4 O is above X and to the right of X.
5 Z presents lower right to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 U is at the bottom of M vertically.
2 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 B is positioned in the front right corner of K.
4 H is positioned in the front right corner of X.
5 R presents lower right to Q.
6 R is on the left and M is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	below	1
1 B is over there and Q is on the right of it.
2 L is on the left side to Q.
3 B and N are side by side with B to the right and N to the left.
4 Q and P are both there with the object Q is to the left of object P.
5 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
6 X is below Z with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	right	1
1 C is positioned right to R.
2 Y is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
3 R and K are horizontal and R is to the left of K.
4 K is placed on the top of D.
5 P is to the right of R.
6 R is directly south west of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	right	1
1 Z is diagonally right and above U.
2 S and E are both there with the object E below the object S.
3 U is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Z is at the lower side of K.
5 K is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 I and P are horizontal and I is to the right of P.
2 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
3 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
4 W is placed at the upper right of B.
5 M is diagonally left and below G.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	above	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
2 K is above P.
3 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
4 I is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 V and E are in a vertical line with E below V.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there and L is on the top of it.
2 K is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face K.
3 X is positioned above and to the left of N.
4 R and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
5 N is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
6 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	right	1
1 R and W are parallel, and R on the right of W.
2 H is over there and Y is on the top of it.
3 W is sitting at the top position to H.
4 S is sitting at the lower right position to B.
5 W is on the right side and below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 I is lower right of K.
2 Object Q is below object K and to the left of it, too.
3 R is above and to the right of S.
4 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
5 T is below D at 4 o'clock.
6 V is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 O is over F.
2 G is directly south west of I.
3 A is to the upper left of X.
4 C is diagonally to the upper right of I.
5 X and I are vertical and X is above I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 X is north west of B.
2 J is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 B is on the left and E is on the right.
4 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
5 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
6 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 X and T are parallel, and X is over T.
2 K is positioned above L and to the left.
3 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
4 K and A are next to each other with A at the bottom K on the top.
5 D is placed at the upper left of N.
6 T and P are side by side with T on the top and P at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 K is over there and S is on the left of it.
2 K and L are next to each other with K on the left and L on the right.
3 S is to the right of E.
4 Y is to the top-right of S.
5 C and Z are parallel, and C is to the left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	right	1
1 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
2 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
3 L is directly below M.
4 B and E are next to each other with E on the right and B on the left.
5 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
2 G is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 O and Y are parallel, and O on the left of Y.
4 R is placed at the upper left of E.
5 The object R is positioned directly below the object U.
6 U and I are next to each other with I on the right and U on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
2 Z and T are next to each other with Z on the left and T on the right.
3 C is on the left side and above Z.
4 L is on the upper right of H.
5 The object J is positioned directly above the object S.
6 Z is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 C and I are both there with the object C is to the right of object I.
2 G is above C at 2 o'clock.
3 Z is north east of Q.
4 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
5 I is lower right of X.
6 H is upper left of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object U.
2 E is over there and F is on the right of it.
3 U and Z are both there with the object U is to the right of object Z.
4 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
5 A is sitting in the left direction of F.
6 D is to the bottom-left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	left	1
1 H is north west of T.
2 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
3 K is north west of E.
4 J is below and to the right of Z.
5 E is at Y's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	above	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 P is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 I is over there and D is on the right of it.
4 N is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 I is on the top and N is at the bottom.
6 K is placed at the bottom of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	right	1
1 T is to the right of B horizontally.
2 U and P are next to each other with U on the left and P on the right.
3 X is directly north west of F.
4 U is positioned in the front right corner of X.
5 U is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned above and to the left of R.
2 F presents right to S.
3 B is positioned below and to the right of P.
4 T is to the bottom right of X.
5 B is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	above	1
1 O is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 Z is over there with D below.
3 D is above G at 2 o'clock.
4 The object V is positioned directly below the object D.
5 Z is to the bottom-left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 D is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
2 R is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
3 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
4 E is on the top and P is at the bottom.
5 V is over W.
6 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 J and M are parallel, and J on the left of M.
2 N and Y are in a vertical line with N on top.
3 K is positioned left to Y.
4 M is above N and to the left of N.
5 R is over there and O is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 M is above and to the left of L.
2 W is at the bottom and K is on the top.
3 D and E are next to each other with D on the left and E on the right.
4 L presents lower left to D.
5 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	right	1
1 Z is above E.
2 J presents right to G.
3 N is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
4 S is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
5 N is above Z at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
2 E is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 G is over there with F below.
4 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
5 O is directly south east of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	right	1
1 P is on the top and T is at the bottom.
2 F is under B.
3 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
4 F is diagonally to the upper right of G.
5 G is diagonally left and above G.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	left	1
1 B and W are parallel, and B on the right of W.
2 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
3 Object A is below object B and to the left of it, too.
4 P is above M and to the left of M.
5 F is positioned down and to the left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 X is diagonally right and above A.
2 H is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
3 X is positioned above and to the left of Y.
4 S and C are parallel, and S on the right of C.
5 H is over there and X is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 The object L and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 B and R are parallel, and R is below B.
3 Y is placed on the top of L.
4 S is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 If Z is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
6 S is over there and E is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	left	1
1 T is to the top of H vertically.
2 H is positioned below and to the right of L.
3 T is positioned in the top left corner of C.
4 H is directly south west of Y.
5 O and X are both there with the object O is to the right of object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 U is positioned above N.
3 U and J are in a vertical line with J below U.
4 L is to the top-left of P.
5 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	below	1
1 P is directly south east of C.
2 D is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Y is on top of L.
4 C is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 B is positioned in the top left corner of P.
6 A is to the top of S vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 P is on top of L.
2 M is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
3 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
4 Q is upper right to Z.
5 T is sitting at the lower left position to J.
6 X is over there and Q is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
2 B and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
3 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
4 B is placed on the top of Q.
5 P and B are parallel, and B is below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 D is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 O is on the upper right of C.
3 O presents lower left to M.
4 J is on the left side and above M.
5 F is north east of T.
6 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there with B above.
2 O presents lower right to R.
3 D is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
5 B is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	left	1
1 M is at the bottom of V.
2 F is at V's 3 o'clock.
3 N is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
4 A is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 A and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
6 F is to the bottom-left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the top-left of W.
2 P is sitting at the upper left position to F.
3 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object J.
4 W is sitting at the upper right position to J.
5 Z is on top of J.
6 D is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 V is lower left to R.
2 F is directly north east of O.
3 K is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
4 R presents over D.
5 O and D are side by side with O to the right and D to the left.
6 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents lower right to P.
2 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
3 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
4 H is directly north west of V.
5 H is at the bottom of D vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 V is over there and A is on the left of it.
2 Q is above C at 2 o'clock.
3 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
4 X and R are next to each other with X on the left and R on the right.
5 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
6 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 T is directly north west of O.
2 D is south east of Y.
3 Z is at the lower side of B.
4 I is on the lower right of Y.
5 D is positioned above B and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 T is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 Z is south west of T.
3 Z is diagonally right and above E.
4 Z is sitting at the top position to P.
5 L is on the lower left of C.
6 D is above K at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 P is directly north east of C.
2 Q is to the bottom left of P.
3 The object G is positioned directly below the object A.
4 N and Q are vertical and N is above Q.
5 N and Y are both there with the object N is to the right of object Y.
6 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
2 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
3 H and W are horizontal and H is to the right of W.
4 O is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 M is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 O is south east of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	right	1
1 M is directly above Z.
2 Z is over there with D above.
3 D is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
4 F presents left to C.
5 V is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned below U and to the right.
2 C is below U and to the left of U.
3 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
4 U and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
5 M is directly below N.
6 M is above A.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned below Z and to the left.
2 P presents lower left to O.
3 J is below and to the right of D.
4 J and X are both there with the object J above the object X.
5 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 U and J are both there with the object U above the object J.
2 M is directly south west of R.
3 O is to the right of U.
4 R is over U.
5 K is below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 N and F are next to each other with F at the bottom N on the top.
2 M is positioned in the lower right corner of N.
3 G and O are parallel, and G is to the right of O.
4 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
5 C is to the bottom-right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 S is placed at the upper right of X.
2 The objects E and N are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 U is below V.
4 V is positioned below X.
5 S is sitting at the upper right position to B.
6 V is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 K is sitting at the top position to Z.
2 If B is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
3 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
4 The object N is upper and slightly to the left of the object O.
5 R is over there with B above.
6 R and M are side by side with M at the bottom and R on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	above	1
1 S presents lower right to Z.
2 P is over there with C below.
3 O is positioned up and to the right of U.
4 D and Z are next to each other with D on the top and Z at the bottom.
5 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	above	1
1 M is on the left and R is on the right.
2 P is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 G is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 Q is to the bottom right of G.
5 R presents right to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	right	1
1 B is below and to the right of X.
2 T and Q are in a vertical line with Q below T.
3 I is placed at the upper right of V.
4 I is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 J is over there and V is on the left.
6 The object V is positioned directly above the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 S is at P's 12 o'clock.
2 N is over there and P is directly above it.
3 P is above G at 10 o'clock.
4 U and S are next to each other with S on the right and U on the left.
5 X is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 L is over there and U is on the left.
2 J is below D at 7 o'clock.
3 The object J is positioned directly above the object B.
4 B is positioned in the top left corner of S.
5 B and K are parallel, and B is to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	above	1
1 H is on the right side to M.
2 C is to the top-right of Y.
3 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
4 C is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 X is placed at the lower right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	left	1
1 K is over there and W is directly above it.
2 C is over there with W below.
3 S is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 The object K and X are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
5 F is to the top-left of K.
6 V and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 H and P are side by side with H on the top and P at the bottom.
3 N is above and to the left of E.
4 G is placed at the upper right of D.
5 E and S are parallel, and E is to the left of S.
6 T is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	left	1
1 X is directly south west of C.
2 J is sitting at the lower right position to F.
3 C is placed on the top of U.
4 S is to the top-left of O.
5 S is diagonally left and below C.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 W is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 Object S is below object W and to the right of it, too.
3 M is to the bottom right of P.
4 K is on the left side and above B.
5 S and C are in a vertical line with S on top.
6 The objects M and W are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the lower left of D.
2 T is at the bottom and V is on the top.
3 S is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 H is lower left to D.
5 D is to the top of Y vertically.
6 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 V is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 V is placed on the top of J.
4 V is above and to the right of Y.
5 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
6 Y is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, E is located between 4 and 5.
2 X is over there and N is on the left.
3 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object J.
4 R and P are in a vertical line with R on top.
5 R is above and to the right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	above	1
1 C is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
2 C is to the top-right of G.
3 O and G are both there with the object O is to the right of object G.
4 T and I are parallel, and T on the left of I.
5 Y is placed at the lower right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the top right of B.
2 Y is on the right side and below U.
3 C is sitting at the lower right position to M.
4 B is diagonally right and above C.
5 E and T are next to each other with T at the bottom E on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 H is positioned below B and to the left.
3 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
4 T and Q are in a vertical line with Q below T.
5 C is on the top side to W.
6 P is diagonally to the upper right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Y is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 X is over there with J above.
3 J is below and to the left of K.
4 Z is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 B is placed in the right direction of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	left	1
1 G is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 Object S is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 A and Z are parallel, and A is under Z.
4 S and D are parallel, and S is over D.
5 D is below and to the right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The objects X and J are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 M is directly north west of R.
3 X is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
4 F and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
5 E presents right to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 D is to the bottom right of Z.
2 D and O are horizontal and D is to the right of O.
3 I is placed in the left direction of E.
4 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
5 N is below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the upper left position to L.
2 V is positioned above and to the left of J.
3 W is positioned right to X.
4 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to L.
5 O is on the left side to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	left	1
1 T is positioned up and to the right of D.
2 H and N are parallel, and H is to the right of N.
3 P is on the right side to V.
4 V is above Z and to the right of Z.
5 P is over there with S below.
6 H is above S and to the right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	right	1
1 U is to the left of P horizontally.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 If X is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
4 If N is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
5 Z is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
6 U presents below H.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	above	1
1 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
2 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
3 O is below and to the left of Q.
4 I is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 G is over there and Z is on the top of it.
6 W is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
2 J and N are parallel, and N is below J.
3 P and W are vertical and P is above W.
4 S is upper right to B.
5 N is below and to the right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	below	1
1 B is below E.
2 If Y is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
3 G presents upper right to Q.
4 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
5 If Q is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
6 L and J are next to each other with J at the bottom L on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	right	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
2 Q and G are side by side with Q to the right and G to the left.
3 A is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
4 T and I are in a vertical line with T on top.
5 A presents lower right to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 N is diagonally left and below C.
2 The objects W and X are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
3 F is placed in the left direction of T.
4 C is above T with a small gap between them.
5 N and I are both there with the object N above the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 R and I are parallel, and R on the left of I.
2 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
3 T and K are parallel, and T is to the right of K.
4 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
5 C is to the bottom-left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 L is to the bottom right of X.
2 K is placed on the top of L.
3 O is to the upper left of R.
4 L is sitting at the lower left position to M.
5 M is placed in the right direction of A.
6 I presents upper right to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	above	1
1 V and J are vertical and V is below J.
2 K is diagonally right and below L.
3 L is to the left of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 L is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 I is below and to the left of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 P is to the top-left of A.
3 J is positioned above Q and to the left.
4 O is positioned above J and to the left.
5 G is below and to the left of O.
6 P is on the right side and below J.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 J is below M with a small gap between them.
2 Z is sitting at the upper left position to E.
3 M is below U.
4 O is diagonally left and above O.
5 O is north east of M.
6 M is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object D and S are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 J and U are in a horizontal line with U on the right.
3 If D is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
4 K is over there and T is directly below it.
5 D and Q are side by side with D on the top and Q at the bottom.
6 U and N are side by side with U to the right and N to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	right	1
1 T is positioned left to H.
2 E is to the top-left of S.
3 G is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
4 H is placed in the right direction of M.
5 R is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	right	1
1 Z presents upper right to Q.
2 S is placed at the lower right of Q.
3 F is directly above Z.
4 M is above A at 2 o'clock.
5 S is placed in the left direction of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 X is to the top right of R.
3 X and U are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
4 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
5 C and T are side by side with C to the right and T to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over U.
2 C is to the right of B.
3 N is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
4 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object M.
5 N is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 M is north east of T.
2 Q is above and to the left of W.
3 K and W are both there with the object K is to the right of object W.
4 U is directly above E.
5 M is placed at the upper right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 K is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is south west of W.
3 W is placed at the upper left of A.
4 G is upper right to R.
5 Y is positioned left to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 K is on top of E.
2 T is positioned above I.
3 E is on the left side and above W.
4 W is to the right of Y horizontally.
5 C is to the bottom-right of O.
6 K is to the top of I vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 A and P are parallel, and P is below A.
3 If I is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
4 P is above B with a small gap between them.
5 A is directly north east of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z and T are there. The object Z is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 F is at C's 6 o'clock.
3 I is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 C is on the right side and below T.
5 Y is positioned below J and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	below	1
1 Y and F are in a vertical line with F below Y.
2 U is at the lower side of C.
3 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
4 D and O are both there with the object D above the object O.
5 G is on the right and L is on the left.
6 D is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	right	1
1 G is directly north west of B.
2 G is on the top and R is at the bottom.
3 E is above V at 2 o'clock.
4 G is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 I is above O with a small gap between them.
6 B is over there and J is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	above	1
1 P and V are horizontal and P is to the right of V.
2 P and S are parallel, and P is over S.
3 D is at A’s 9 o'clock.
4 R is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
5 S is over there and A is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	above	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
2 N is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 D is placed at the lower left of P.
4 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object V.
5 H presents right to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
2 K is above U and to the right of U.
3 C is above and to the right of D.
4 C is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 W is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 O and M are horizontal and O is to the left of M.
2 F is above S at 2 o'clock.
3 V is over there and F is on the left.
4 M is on the right side to V.
5 O and L are side by side with O on the top and L at the bottom.
6 Z is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	right	1
1 C is placed at the lower left of G.
2 C is below V at 7 o'clock.
3 N and L are in a vertical line with L below N.
4 I is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 M is at L's 6 o'clock.
6 C is to the bottom right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	below	1
1 G is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 K is upper right to Y.
3 If K is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
4 M is at U’s 9 o'clock.
5 N is positioned above Q and to the left.
6 N is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 M and W are next to each other with W at the bottom M on the top.
2 V is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 B is over there with Z below.
4 P is on the lower right of D.
5 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Object L is below object X and to the left of it, too.
2 Z is over there with F above.
3 F and M are parallel, and F is on top of M.
4 X is directly above U.
5 Object W is below object D and to the left of it, too.
6 If Z is the center of a clock face, X is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned above H and to the left.
2 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
3 R is to the top of K vertically.
4 K presents upper left to V.
5 Object A is above object E and to the right of it, too.
6 V is positioned left to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
2 L is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
3 K is on the top side to V.
4 B is above and to the right of C.
5 K presents upper right to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	left	1
1 M and T are parallel, and M is to the right of T.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
3 L and Q are horizontal and L is to the left of Q.
4 W and K are horizontal and W is to the left of K.
5 Q is placed at the lower right of T.
6 If L is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object K.
2 F presents right to P.
3 Y and K are next to each other with K on the right and Y on the left.
4 C and K are parallel, and C is over K.
5 R is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 M is under N.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 H is above K at 2 o'clock.
2 L is below H and to the right of H.
3 Z is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
4 P is directly above B.
5 H is over there and Z is on the left.
6 K is to the left of O horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M is on the lower right of S.
2 V is positioned in the top left corner of O.
3 N is placed at the lower left of M.
4 K is above B and to the left of B.
5 N is below V with a small gap between them.
6 U is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	below	1
1 I is north east of L.
2 F is to the top right of Q.
3 M is sitting at the lower left position to H.
4 H is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
5 Q is to the top-right of O.
6 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 P is below M at 7 o'clock.
2 F is directly above P.
3 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
4 E is at B's 3 o'clock.
5 F is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 L is above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	below	1
1 C and G are both there with the object C is to the left of object G.
2 L is above U at 2 o'clock.
3 W presents lower right to J.
4 N and C are side by side with N to the left and C to the right.
5 G and X are parallel, and G is to the left of X.
6 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Q is positioned down and to the left of L.
3 L and G are parallel, and L is to the left of G.
4 H is on the upper right of G.
5 N and O are parallel, and O is below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned above Y.
2 The object S and G are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 Y and M are horizontal and Y is to the right of M.
4 If M is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
5 L presents lower right to Y.
6 W is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	above	1
1 I is on the right side to Y.
2 M presents lower right to Y.
3 M and J are parallel, and M on the left of J.
4 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
5 Q is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 The object I and B are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	above	1
1 Q is at E's 6 o'clock.
2 T is sitting in the right direction of O.
3 N is placed at the upper left of O.
4 T is over there with E below.
5 J is placed at the lower right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the right and I is on the left.
2 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
3 Z is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
4 S is on the same vertical plane directly below T.
5 Y is positioned above G.
6 G presents lower left to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 E is below and to the left of W.
2 E is at the bottom of Y vertically.
3 Q is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 V is sitting at the lower position to S.
5 E and X are next to each other with X at the bottom E on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper left position to P.
2 B is positioned in the top left corner of K.
3 Q is over there and R is on the top of it.
4 M is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 P is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 Q is directly below W.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 D and I are parallel, and I is below D.
2 Q and Z are vertical and Q is below Z.
3 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
4 C is diagonally left and above C.
5 J is positioned above Q and to the left.
6 Z is sitting at the upper right position to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	left	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
3 A and S are both there with the object A is to the left of object S.
4 P is to the top right of N.
5 X is above D.
6 P is below Z at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 R is on the left side and above J.
3 H is on the right side to W.
4 Z and V are side by side with Z to the right and V to the left.
5 Z presents left to G.
6 R is north east of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 M presents over C.
2 M is to the bottom-right of G.
3 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
4 X and Y are next to each other with X on the top and Y at the bottom.
5 E is over there and C is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 G is directly south west of T.
2 R is above V with a small gap between them.
3 D presents upper right to Y.
4 Y is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 R and K are parallel, and R is on top of K.
6 The object U is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	above	1
1 O is north east of H.
2 L is on the left side and above W.
3 V is positioned above H.
4 W is placed at the upper right of V.
5 Y and J are parallel, and Y is over J.
6 D presents right to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 L and D are next to each other with L on the left and D on the right.
2 F is positioned in the front right corner of T.
3 T is over there and C is on the top of it.
4 H is positioned in the top left corner of R.
5 H is on the lower right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 V is upper right to K.
2 J is positioned up and to the right of K.
3 O is directly south east of F.
4 J is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 If J is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 B is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
3 Y is lower right of B.
4 Y is below F.
5 T is lower left to P.
6 P and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 If E is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
3 C is below U and to the left of U.
4 C is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
5 The object A and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the upper left of U.
2 E is over there and Y is directly below it.
3 B and H are next to each other with H on the right and B on the left.
4 G is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
5 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
6 P is on the upper right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 D presents over N.
2 O is positioned above D and to the left.
3 N is positioned above U and to the left.
4 N is on the right side and top of W.
5 X is to the right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned below Z.
2 V is to the top right of O.
3 S is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
4 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
5 K is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 D is placed at the upper left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 X is over there and D is on the right.
3 Object O is above object X and to the left of it, too.
4 N is on the left side and above Q.
5 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q is placed at the bottom of G.
2 Q and I are parallel, and Q is over I.
3 C is on the left and O is on the right.
4 Q is placed in the left direction of L.
5 Object Q is above object O and to the left of it, too.
6 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	right	1
1 O is positioned below S and to the left.
2 Y and H are next to each other with Y on the left and H on the right.
3 V and H are side by side with V to the left and H to the right.
4 M is placed at the lower left of H.
5 H and C are parallel, and H is under C.
6 E is diagonally right and below C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	above	1
1 R is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
2 Q is on the upper right of T.
3 The objects R and Q are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
4 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
5 I and G are horizontal and I is to the left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 G is placed at the upper right of S.
2 G is over there and O is on the left.
3 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
4 O and K are horizontal and O is to the left of K.
5 H and O are vertical and H is below O.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 D and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 O is on the left and J is on the right.
3 M is above A with a small gap between them.
4 I is to the upper left of O.
5 J and K are in a vertical line with K below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
2 If U is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
3 X and F are parallel, and X is over F.
4 X is sitting at the upper left position to U.
5 B is south west of G.
6 D is to the bottom-left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	above	1
1 N is positioned above and to the left of S.
2 K and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
3 T and K are both there with the object T is to the left of object K.
4 W is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
6 The object H and T are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	below	1
1 M is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 C is positioned up and to the right of S.
3 X is over B.
4 Q is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
5 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
6 O is at B's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the left side to R.
2 If W is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
3 D is directly below X.
4 L is to the right of Q.
5 P and D are parallel, and P on the right of D.
6 G is positioned in the front right corner of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the upper right of S.
2 The object R and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 C and B are next to each other with B on the right and C on the left.
4 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
5 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	below	1
1 C is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Object C is below object S and to the right of it, too.
3 P is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
4 U is placed at the bottom of N.
5 Object I is below object J and to the left of it, too.
6 B and P are both there with the object B is to the left of object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	left	1
1 I is placed at the upper left of R.
2 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
3 The object D is positioned directly below the object E.
4 F is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 The object E is positioned directly above the object B.
6 L is on the upper right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 O is positioned above C and to the left.
2 M is on the left and F is on the right.
3 Q is on top of W.
4 M and N are next to each other with N at the bottom M on the top.
5 F is upper left of W.
6 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	below	1
1 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 V is at the bottom of Z vertically.
3 K is over there and Y is on the left of it.
4 K is diagonally left and below Z.
5 Q is directly south west of T.
6 F is on the left side and above K.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 X is to the right of P.
3 A and P are both there with the object A is to the left of object P.
4 The objects L and P are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
5 F is sitting at the lower right position to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 N is below R with a small gap between them.
2 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
3 O is to the top of G vertically.
4 X and G are both there with the object X above the object G.
5 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object T.
3 N is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 N is directly below U.
5 Q is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 B presents right to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
2 N is positioned right to Q.
3 M is to the upper left of Z.
4 E is over there and H is on the left of it.
5 P is on top of E.
6 M and J are both there with the object M is to the right of object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and E is on the left.
2 V is positioned right to D.
3 K is at the bottom of J.
4 K is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 M is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 G is placed in the right direction of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 J is north west of N.
2 R is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 D is over there and J is on the right of it.
4 N is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 The objects M and K are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Y and R are in a vertical line with R below Y.
2 N is to the right of Q horizontally.
3 F is positioned down and to the left of P.
4 The objects S and Q are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
5 P is above and to the right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 H is positioned up and to the right of N.
2 N is diagonally to the upper left of W.
3 J is positioned in the top left corner of Z.
4 E and H are parallel, and E is to the left of H.
5 D is above H at 10 o'clock.
6 W is at C’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 S is above and to the right of E.
2 V is over there and U is on the top of it.
3 K is above and to the right of U.
4 U and E are parallel, and U is under E.
5 C is below and to the left of G.
6 O is diagonally to the upper left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
2 H is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 If V is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
4 O is over there and H is on the right of it.
5 E is above U and to the right of U.
6 N and R are both there with the object R below the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the bottom-left of K.
2 N is positioned above and to the left of B.
3 Z is placed on the top of X.
4 F is to the right of N.
5 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 W is over there with N above.
2 O is sitting at the top position to C.
3 W is positioned left to O.
4 B is positioned in the top left corner of N.
5 S is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 T is above V and to the left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	above	1
1 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
2 O is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
3 U is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
4 A is to the right of I horizontally.
5 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
4 If V is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
5 X is sitting at the top position to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 X is north west of Z.
2 L and N are both there with the object L is to the left of object N.
3 D is placed in the right direction of X.
4 N is over there and Z is on the right of it.
5 P is over there with U above.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 V and W are both there with the object V is to the left of object W.
2 Y is over there with R below.
3 X is above F.
4 R is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 Z and R are parallel, and Z is to the left of R.
6 X is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	right	1
1 K is positioned down and to the left of E.
2 B is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 X is sitting in the left direction of B.
4 B is upper left of O.
5 S and O are parallel, and S is to the left of O.
6 X is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 E and V are parallel, and E on the right of V.
2 D is sitting at the lower left position to F.
3 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
4 U is on the right and E is on the left.
5 P and V are next to each other with V on the right and P on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 H is on the upper right of T.
3 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
4 H is at the bottom of B.
5 X and T are parallel, and X on the left of T.
6 S is positioned left to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 T and E are next to each other with E on the right and T on the left.
3 C is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
4 K is at T’s 9 o'clock.
5 W is to the upper left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 P is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 P presents upper right to F.
3 P is sitting at the upper left position to O.
4 F is positioned down and to the left of U.
5 I is sitting at the lower left position to T.
6 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 T is over there and S is directly above it.
2 Z is above and to the left of D.
3 S and Z are parallel, and S is over Z.
4 D and H are parallel, and H is below D.
5 K is positioned above and to the left of G.
6 X is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 O is upper right to J.
2 R is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 P is sitting in the right direction of R.
4 C is on the same vertical plane directly above N.
5 C is over there and F is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	above	1
1 C is north west of T.
2 K is positioned below V and to the right.
3 K and U are horizontal and K is to the right of U.
4 Object F is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
5 C is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 C is positioned above and to the left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
3 B and G are parallel, and B is to the left of G.
4 O is diagonally left and above O.
5 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object M.
6 Z presents below G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	below	1
1 N is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The object A and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 N is on the lower left of Z.
4 T is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
5 E is positioned below and to the right of L.
6 Z is at L's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 S is at H's 3 o'clock.
2 F is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
3 H and X are horizontal and H is to the left of X.
4 B is placed in the right direction of C.
5 U is at H’s 9 o'clock.
6 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	right	1
1 C is upper left of D.
2 N is over there with W above.
3 D is north east of E.
4 R is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 L is over there and E is on the left.
6 E is over there and R is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the top right of Z.
2 X is to the right of Y.
3 T and L are both there with the object L below the object T.
4 T is over there and H is on the left of it.
5 L is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 O is north east of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 C is below Z at 4 o'clock.
2 Z is over there with U below.
3 P and T are both there with the object P is to the right of object T.
4 Y is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 R is diagonally left and above R.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Object Z is above object C and to the left of it, too.
2 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
3 Z is positioned above D.
4 B is directly below D.
5 M is positioned above N and to the right.
6 Z is diagonally to the upper left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
2 D and L are parallel, and D on the left of L.
3 W and O are in a vertical line with O below W.
4 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
5 W and E are horizontal and W is to the left of E.
6 N and O are parallel, and N is under O.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 B and Y are parallel, and B is to the left of Y.
2 N and F are in a vertical line with N on top.
3 X is to the upper left of F.
4 The object Y is positioned directly below the object F.
5 T is positioned above L and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
2 I and O are parallel, and I is to the left of O.
3 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
4 E is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
5 I and V are both there with the object I above the object V.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 J presents over V.
2 I is diagonally right and below G.
3 S is positioned up and to the right of G.
4 S is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
5 D is placed at the upper right of N.
6 Y presents lower left to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q and J are side by side with Q to the left and J to the right.
2 G is to the top right of L.
3 If C is the center of a clock face, E is located between 4 and 5.
4 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
5 B is to the upper left of N.
6 G is placed in the left direction of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	right	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of V.
2 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
3 V is sitting at the top position to K.
4 The objects D and V are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
5 E is over there and O is on the top of it.
6 S is on the left side to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 H is directly below L.
2 D is on the upper right of H.
3 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
4 L is positioned above and to the left of V.
5 Z is directly north east of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	left	1
1 T is positioned up and to the right of M.
2 L is above and to the left of C.
3 N and K are next to each other with N on the left and K on the right.
4 K is to the right of A horizontally.
5 T is positioned down and to the left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 H and T are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
2 L is at the bottom of J.
3 T is above M and to the right of M.
4 S presents lower left to V.
5 M is to the upper left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	left	1
1 G and W are parallel, and G on the left of W.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
3 W is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 U is to the left of W.
5 U is placed in the left direction of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	left	1
1 W is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 F is upper right to V.
3 C and O are parallel, and C is to the left of O.
4 K is sitting at the top position to V.
5 K is directly above M.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 I and F are parallel, and I is to the left of F.
2 L is below and to the left of I.
3 Object O is below object U and to the left of it, too.
4 E is above and to the right of I.
5 If S is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	below	1
1 G and Z are side by side with G to the right and Z to the left.
2 Z and Y are both there with the object Y below the object Z.
3 Y is positioned in the top left corner of O.
4 J is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
5 M is positioned below and to the right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 I is to the top-right of C.
3 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
4 U is directly north west of G.
5 U is on the lower left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 K and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and K on the top.
3 U is diagonally to the upper right of K.
4 U is placed in the left direction of O.
5 H is positioned above Y and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Object M is below object N and to the right of it, too.
2 H is directly above M.
3 A is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 The object Q and R are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
5 M is on the lower left of A.
6 H and C are side by side with H on the top and C at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 S is directly north west of L.
2 U is above L at 2 o'clock.
3 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
4 N is on the top and K is at the bottom.
5 F is sitting in the left direction of Q.
6 L presents upper right to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to O.
2 If B is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
3 U is at E's 12 o'clock.
4 B is diagonally to the bottom right of Y.
5 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U is over there and W is on the left of it.
2 G is positioned below and to the right of V.
3 Z is diagonally right and below H.
4 F is to the left of V horizontally.
5 The object W is positioned directly above the object V.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 E presents over Q.
2 Object F is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
3 Z is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
4 G and Q are parallel, and G is over Q.
5 L is on the right side and below K.
6 F is under Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the lower right of Y.
2 V is above O with a small gap between them.
3 Y is sitting in the right direction of O.
4 Z is north east of W.
5 G is to the right of D horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned in the top left corner of E.
2 X is over there and A is directly below it.
3 L is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 Z is placed at the bottom of E.
5 K is diagonally left and below A.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 Q is positioned below I and to the right.
3 I and L are side by side with I to the left and L to the right.
4 A is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 If M is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
6 Q is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Object G is below object H and to the right of it, too.
2 P is to the bottom left of H.
3 G is sitting at the top position to F.
4 C is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 E and P are next to each other with E on the left and P on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 X is below and to the right of P.
2 B and K are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
3 D is lower right of B.
4 Z is directly north west of D.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 H is placed at the upper left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 T is diagonally right and below U.
2 U is above S at 10 o'clock.
3 L is south east of U.
4 The object I and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
5 D is to the left of L horizontally.
6 P is positioned below R and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	left	1
1 B is at A’s 9 o'clock.
2 N is over there and G is on the right of it.
3 F is placed at the bottom of N.
4 F is sitting in the left direction of A.
5 D is on the left side of and below S.
6 J is over there and G is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	left	1
1 N is on the top side to P.
2 M is diagonally right and below Q.
3 P is positioned below D and to the left.
4 O is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 P is positioned up and to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
3 F is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 H is on the left and F is on the right.
5 F presents upper right to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	above	1
1 D is over Q.
2 O and J are side by side with O to the left and J to the right.
3 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
4 O is at M's 6 o'clock.
5 T and I are parallel, and T is under I.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 V is diagonally left and below H.
2 T is sitting in the right direction of Z.
3 G and B are next to each other with G on the left and B on the right.
4 Z is placed at the upper left of V.
5 W is below and to the left of H.
6 T is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	left	1
1 D is below and to the left of N.
2 A and M are both there with the object A is to the left of object M.
3 H is on the upper right of A.
4 L is placed at the upper left of G.
5 S presents lower left to H.
6 D and A are horizontal and D is to the left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	right	1
1 U is positioned left to C.
2 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
3 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
4 P and E are both there with the object P is to the right of object E.
5 I and Y are in a vertical line with I on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 G and S are both there with the object G above the object S.
2 S is above V with a small gap between them.
3 B is directly north east of R.
4 M is to the right of N.
5 Object R is below object S and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
2 I is directly south east of M.
3 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to F.
4 Object J is below object E and to the right of it, too.
5 E is below K and to the right of K.
6 K is over there and V is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	above	1
1 V is at A's 6 o'clock.
2 A is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
3 B is on the right side and top of E.
4 V is upper left of U.
5 N is positioned up and to the right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 I is positioned below G and to the right.
3 C and J are both there with the object C above the object J.
4 J is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 The object F and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
6 C is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 S is over there with X above.
3 G is at O's 3 o'clock.
4 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
5 S is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 V is upper left of L.
2 X and C are parallel, and C is below X.
3 L is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 The object T is positioned directly below the object F.
5 F is at K's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Q is at U's 6 o'clock.
3 L is sitting at the lower right position to K.
4 H is over Q.
5 B is above H at 10 o'clock.
6 X is at the bottom and O is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q and M are parallel, and Q is to the left of M.
2 B is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
3 Y and R are side by side with Y to the left and R to the right.
4 R is positioned above E.
5 L is over there with B below.
6 I is positioned in the front right corner of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 C is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled Z.
3 K is sitting in the left direction of O.
4 Z is positioned below B.
5 Z is at E’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 G is to the right of K horizontally.
3 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
4 F is positioned down and to the left of W.
5 Z is on the top side to D.
6 Y is on the lower left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	left	1
1 R and P are next to each other with R on the left and P on the right.
2 L is lower left to Q.
3 V is to the top-right of J.
4 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
5 P is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 F is sitting at the top position to W.
2 W is placed at the lower right of N.
3 U is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 O is over there and N is on the right.
5 M is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
6 O is on the top and U is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	left	1
1 F and Y are side by side with F to the left and Y to the right.
2 X is below and to the left of D.
3 U is over there and D is directly above it.
4 A and U are vertical and A is above U.
5 E is on the left side to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	above	1
1 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
2 U is at the bottom and H is on the top.
3 J is placed at the upper right of N.
4 F is to the bottom left of E.
5 B presents right to Y.
6 The object E is positioned directly below the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 R is positioned in the top left corner of W.
2 S is to the top-left of F.
3 A is over N.
4 D is below A and to the left of A.
5 P is sitting at the lower position to R.
6 Object D is above object R and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	below	1
1 D presents right to E.
2 A is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
3 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object A.
4 A is sitting in the right direction of N.
5 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	right	1
1 H is diagonally left and below K.
2 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
3 K is at the bottom of F.
4 Y is positioned above H.
5 G and H are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
6 V and R are next to each other with V on the left and R on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object O is positioned directly below the object N.
2 O is to the left of H.
3 O is positioned below X and to the left.
4 R and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
5 B is positioned above and to the left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 G is positioned above L and to the right.
2 I is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 I is above U at 10 o'clock.
4 U is directly south west of L.
5 I and V are next to each other with V at the bottom I on the top.
6 Z is sitting at the upper left position to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 Q is to the right of M horizontally.
2 L is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 K and H are parallel, and K on the right of H.
4 M and G are in a vertical line with M on top.
5 Q is sitting at the lower position to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Q and D are next to each other with D on the right and Q on the left.
2 P is at the bottom and X is on the top.
3 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
4 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
5 O presents below C.
6 L and N are parallel, and L on the right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	below	1
1 S is lower left to Z.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, K is located between 2 and 3.
3 L is positioned above and to the left of I.
4 V is below T.
5 Z is sitting at the lower right position to G.
6 K presents over Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Q is above F and to the left of F.
2 P is below and to the right of F.
3 P is diagonally to the upper right of I.
4 K and Q are parallel, and K is to the right of Q.
5 Z is to the right of I.
6 S is positioned above Y and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Y and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
3 C is directly north west of O.
4 S is over there and N is on the right.
5 C is on the lower right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 X and C are in a vertical line with C below X.
2 D is above Z at 10 o'clock.
3 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
4 T and Y are side by side with T to the right and Y to the left.
5 C and P are parallel, and C on the right of P.
6 T is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of P.
2 F is directly south east of S.
3 E is to the top-left of B.
4 E and L are parallel, and E is over L.
5 Object L is below object P and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	above	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 V is to the top-right of J.
3 X is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 The object E and T are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
5 E is placed in the left direction of V.
6 A is positioned above C and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the right of I horizontally.
2 I is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
3 The object K and B are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
4 P is diagonally to the upper left of L.
5 K is to the top right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 K is below N and to the right of N.
2 W is over there with P above.
3 S is directly below N.
4 Z is positioned above N and to the right.
5 G is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 X and K are parallel, and X is over K.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	below	1
1 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 W is on the top and K is at the bottom.
3 H is directly south west of T.
4 A is directly south west of K.
5 H is diagonally right and above N.
6 N is south east of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 X is to the right of F.
2 I is diagonally right and below M.
3 F and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
4 The object C and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
5 G and M are parallel, and G is to the left of M.
6 F is positioned right to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	right	1
1 L is on the left side of and below G.
2 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
3 C and D are both there with the object D below the object C.
4 X is below K.
5 C is positioned below R and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	above	1
1 Y is below H.
2 W is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 K is above F and to the left of F.
4 W is directly south west of G.
5 K is below and to the right of S.
6 U and S are next to each other with U on the left and S on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 T and F are parallel, and T is over F.
2 T is upper right to Q.
3 T is above C at 2 o'clock.
4 U is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 S presents upper right to Q.
6 Q is positioned below V and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the lower left of S.
2 W is over there and I is on the top of it.
3 U is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 Z is placed in the left direction of M.
5 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	left	1
1 B and L are both there with the object L below the object B.
2 W is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
3 L and O are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
4 J is placed at the lower left of O.
5 N is at B's 6 o'clock.
6 N is over there and H is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	above	1
1 E is positioned above and to the left of U.
2 Y is below E and to the right of E.
3 F is at G's 12 o'clock.
4 B is above J with a small gap between them.
5 S is at the lower side of E.
6 Object E is below object J and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 R is below and to the left of O.
2 D and F are vertical and D is above F.
3 Y is below and to the left of P.
4 M is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
6 A is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 H is placed at the upper right of Z.
3 H is diagonally to the upper left of O.
4 G is at S's 12 o'clock.
5 M is on the lower right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned above and to the left of W.
2 F is on the top side to P.
3 J is upper left of S.
4 M is north west of N.
5 J is on the right side and below P.
6 P is sitting at the upper right position to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Q is above and to the right of L.
2 S is to the top right of D.
3 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
4 B is positioned down and to the left of Q.
5 L is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there and P is on the right of it.
2 B is at K's 3 o'clock.
3 P is positioned right to M.
4 B is diagonally left and below S.
5 U is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
6 F is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 U is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 O is sitting in the right direction of T.
3 S is above F with a small gap between them.
4 G is at T’s 9 o'clock.
5 H is on the lower left of T.
6 S and H are parallel, and S is to the left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	above	1
1 R and B are side by side with R to the left and B to the right.
2 Q and G are next to each other with G on the right and Q on the left.
3 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
4 Y and Q are vertical and Y is above Q.
5 If V is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	above	1
1 B is to the right of L horizontally.
2 S and Z are in a vertical line with S on top.
3 S is lower left to Q.
4 E is over there with Z below.
5 Q is positioned in the front right corner of P.
6 Z is on the top side to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 Q is over there with M below.
2 If B is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
3 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
4 P is placed at the upper right of L.
5 D is above and to the right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly above the object V.
2 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
3 R and W are side by side with R to the left and W to the right.
4 S is sitting at the lower right position to E.
5 F is to the bottom-left of E.
6 U is above Y and to the right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 V is below G with a small gap between them.
2 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
3 R is positioned left to O.
4 The object R and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
5 C is below and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	left	1
1 B is directly north east of U.
2 U is at the lower side of K.
3 S is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 M is diagonally right and below F.
5 B is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face B.
6 F is positioned above U and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 K is upper left of W.
2 D is diagonally to the bottom right of A.
3 R is diagonally left and above R.
4 Z is positioned below X and to the right.
5 D is positioned above K and to the right.
6 S and A are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	below	1
1 V is on the right side and below E.
2 K is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 O is on the right and K is on the left.
4 Z is positioned above and to the left of O.
5 B is placed on the top of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	below	1
1 N is over there and K is on the top of it.
2 W and K are parallel, and W on the left of K.
3 N is to the upper left of D.
4 Q is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
5 W is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 N is over there and W is on the right of it.
2 M is upper right to W.
3 D is south west of K.
4 N is to the bottom-right of J.
5 D is diagonally left and above D.
6 B is above I with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
2 E is over there and S is directly above it.
3 S and W are vertical and S is above W.
4 E is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 E and M are side by side with E to the left and M to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 F is placed in the right direction of H.
2 I and F are both there with the object I is to the right of object F.
3 A is at S's 3 o'clock.
4 D is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
5 H is to the right of J horizontally.
6 The objects H and D are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 A and L are parallel, and A is over L.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
3 N and R are next to each other with N on the left and R on the right.
4 L is north west of R.
5 W is at the bottom and N is on the top.
6 N presents lower left to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	right	1
1 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
2 L is over there and Y is directly above it.
3 X is below L and to the left of L.
4 N is north east of P.
5 P is to the upper left of L.
6 E is at the bottom of Y vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Y is below and to the left of T.
2 V is placed on the top of S.
3 W is on the right side and top of F.
4 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
5 S is positioned below and to the right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the right side and top of L.
2 L is on top of R.
3 Q is sitting at the lower position to O.
4 H is diagonally left and below V.
5 M is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of R.
2 Y is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 C is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
4 P is over there and E is on the right.
5 U is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Z is lower right of L.
2 Z is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
3 P is to the bottom left of Z.
4 V is to the right of C horizontally.
5 W is at C's 12 o'clock.
6 K is to the top-left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The objects H and N are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 O is positioned above A.
3 T is at R’s 9 o'clock.
4 T is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
5 T and O are both there with the object T above the object O.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	above	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 Y is over there and G is on the right of it.
3 M and S are both there with the object S below the object M.
4 L and X are both there with the object X below the object L.
5 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K is at Z's 6 o'clock.
2 U is at G’s 9 o'clock.
3 Y is upper left of L.
4 Z is on the left and Y is on the right.
5 I presents lower left to C.
6 If Y is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the lower right of R.
2 H is below Z at 7 o'clock.
3 D is positioned above and to the left of Z.
4 T is upper left of H.
5 D is sitting at the lower position to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 M and Z are next to each other with M on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 I is diagonally to the upper left of B.
3 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
4 I is at H's 3 o'clock.
5 T is placed at the lower right of C.
6 B is diagonally left and below Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 X and T are both there with the object X is to the right of object T.
2 K is diagonally right and below T.
3 M is placed at the lower left of V.
4 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
5 X is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	above	1
1 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
2 G is to the top right of K.
3 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
4 J is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	above	1
1 M is directly north east of F.
2 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
3 O is directly south east of S.
4 O and V are side by side with O to the left and V to the right.
5 G and R are both there with the object G is to the left of object R.
6 I is diagonally above F to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	below	1
1 B presents lower right to D.
2 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 The object B and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
4 F is over there and N is on the left of it.
5 W is below D with a small gap between them.
6 Z is placed at the upper right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 E is placed on the top of U.
2 E is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
3 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
4 V is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
5 V is north west of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	below	1
1 E is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
2 M is above V at 2 o'clock.
3 M is positioned in the lower right corner of Q.
4 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
5 K is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 G is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	below	1
1 E is below F and to the left of F.
2 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
3 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
4 F is over there and D is directly above it.
5 O is upper right to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally left and below C.
2 A is on the right and D is on the left.
3 Y is positioned above D and to the left.
4 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
5 T is placed at the lower right of A.
6 K is to the bottom left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	right	1
1 E is upper right to Y.
2 Z is to the left of X.
3 W is on the right and V is on the left.
4 X is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
5 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
6 V is over there and X is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of W.
2 K presents over X.
3 Q is positioned below X.
4 G is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 W and K are side by side with W to the right and K to the left.
6 I presents lower right to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	above	1
1 E is diagonally right and above Y.
2 V is to the bottom-left of Y.
3 R is on the upper right of V.
4 E and I are parallel, and E is to the right of I.
5 H and E are both there with the object H is to the left of object E.
6 M is placed at the upper left of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the right side to C.
2 W is directly below X.
3 I is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 D and I are next to each other with I at the bottom D on the top.
5 P is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the right and I is on the left.
2 Y is on the lower right of X.
3 C is above A.
4 Object O is below object A and to the right of it, too.
5 W is over there and C is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 F is placed at the lower left of N.
2 W and O are side by side with W to the right and O to the left.
3 The object O is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
4 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object O.
5 The objects Y and F are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
6 D is on the right and Z is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 S is diagonally left and above S.
2 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 E is to the upper left of O.
4 D is above W with a small gap between them.
5 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
6 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Y is below Q and to the right of Q.
2 V is below Y with a small gap between them.
3 O is to the bottom-left of Y.
4 M is placed in the right direction of Q.
5 L is placed at the upper left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	above	1
1 Y and S are next to each other with Y on the top and S at the bottom.
2 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
3 Y is diagonally to the upper left of R.
4 Q is on the left side to S.
5 R and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
6 S is north east of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to H.
2 Z is placed at the lower left of A.
3 H and C are side by side with H on the top and C at the bottom.
4 H is south west of Z.
5 U is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 Object M is below object R and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 N is over there and Y is directly above it.
2 L is positioned left to E.
3 M and E are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
4 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
5 E is sitting in the right direction of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned below H.
2 W is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 F and O are vertical and F is above O.
4 I is at F's 12 o'clock.
5 M is sitting at the top position to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 S and W are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
2 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
3 H presents over J.
4 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
5 J and S are in a vertical line with J on top.
6 R and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	above	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
2 T is positioned below and to the right of N.
3 Object Q is below object N and to the left of it, too.
4 H is diagonally left and above H.
5 N is positioned below D and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	above	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
3 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
4 Q is placed at the upper left of H.
5 W and K are parallel, and W is under K.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 V presents upper left to T.
2 E is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
3 M is over there and K is directly below it.
4 V is on the right side to S.
5 T and X are both there with the object T is to the left of object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 O and R are parallel, and O is under R.
2 If M is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
3 M is directly south west of G.
4 E is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 W is at E's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper right of T.
2 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
3 D is north east of B.
4 M is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
5 H is below T with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	above	1
1 I is positioned right to Q.
2 S is above and to the right of H.
3 G presents below D.
4 I is to the right of H horizontally.
5 I is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 U is sitting in the right direction of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
2 K is positioned left to W.
3 B is sitting at the upper right position to R.
4 M and B are horizontal and M is to the left of B.
5 W is above B and to the left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	left	1
1 S is to the top of V vertically.
2 K is positioned in the top left corner of U.
3 Z and V are vertical and Z is above V.
4 Object K is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
5 M presents lower right to W.
6 Object U is below object S and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 A is below L with a small gap between them.
2 N and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
3 G and L are horizontal and G is to the right of L.
4 X presents right to O.
5 L is below Z at 7 o'clock.
6 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
3 R and H are both there with the object R is to the right of object H.
4 E presents lower left to L.
5 C presents lower left to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	right	1
1 N is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 G is to the upper left of W.
3 D is over G.
4 M is on the right and D is on the left.
5 D is to the left of P horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	left	1
1 H is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
2 C and S are parallel, and C on the right of S.
3 F is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
4 R is positioned down and to the left of F.
5 S and K are vertical and S is above K.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	left	1
1 T and J are side by side with T to the right and J to the left.
2 C is upper right to T.
3 Q is on the top side to U.
4 Q is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
5 J is over there and Q is on the right of it.
6 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned below S and to the left.
2 M is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 F is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
4 Z and P are parallel, and Z is on top of P.
5 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
6 M is under P.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
2 F is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 B is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 Z and D are side by side with Z to the left and D to the right.
5 Z presents upper right to U.
6 I presents left to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Object U is above object N and to the left of it, too.
2 P is above X with a small gap between them.
3 N is on the right side to V.
4 R is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
5 V and X are side by side with V to the left and X to the right.
6 K is positioned up and to the right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
2 U is positioned up and to the right of Q.
3 K presents below D.
4 Z is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
5 T is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
6 U is positioned in the front right corner of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	above	1
1 A is over there with T above.
2 T is below I and to the right of I.
3 H is positioned right to Z.
4 O and M are parallel, and O is to the left of M.
5 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
6 J is to the right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	left	1
1 D is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 V and X are both there with the object V is to the left of object X.
3 R is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 B is at N's 3 o'clock.
5 X is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face X.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 B is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 K is to the bottom-right of N.
4 T is positioned below G.
5 P and I are in a vertical line with P on top.
6 J presents below N.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 H is below N.
3 V is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
5 E is positioned above V.
6 H is sitting at the lower position to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned down and to the left of P.
2 D is placed in the right direction of U.
3 E is on the left side of and below L.
4 A is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 U and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	right	1
1 O and G are both there with the object O above the object G.
2 Y is at R's 6 o'clock.
3 X is positioned above and to the left of C.
4 S is placed in the left direction of R.
5 O and R are next to each other with O on the top and R at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	above	1
1 H is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 K and G are side by side with K on the top and G at the bottom.
3 The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
4 T is at the bottom and K is on the top.
5 G is above B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	below	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 N presents left to V.
3 W is below and to the right of D.
4 T is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 M is diagonally left and below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	right	1
1 J is directly below I.
2 V is below and to the right of I.
3 K is placed at the lower left of T.
4 P is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 S is at V’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
3 P is over there and X is on the right of it.
4 Z presents lower right to K.
5 C is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	above	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
2 I and A are both there with the object I is to the left of object A.
3 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
4 E is to the bottom right of P.
5 W is sitting at the lower position to X.
6 I and X are parallel, and I is over X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the top-right of J.
2 A is diagonally to the bottom left of G.
3 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
4 R is upper left of B.
5 A and B are horizontal and A is to the right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 A and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
2 Z is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
3 X is positioned in the front right corner of G.
4 M is diagonally to the upper right of X.
5 M is at the bottom of E vertically.
6 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 M is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
3 J is sitting at the lower left position to F.
4 V is to the bottom-left of Q.
5 F is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	left	1
1 U is to the top of R vertically.
2 G is diagonally to the upper right of D.
3 U is at the bottom and B is on the top.
4 J and E are next to each other with E on the right and J on the left.
5 E presents over L.
6 B is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 F and M are next to each other with F on the left and M on the right.
2 X is positioned left to A.
3 X and L are side by side with L at the bottom and X on the top.
4 G is below A and to the left of A.
5 N is positioned down and to the left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 P is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 O is directly above X.
3 Y is placed at the lower right of Q.
4 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
5 N is placed in the left direction of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 V is at the lower side of O.
2 M is on the left side of and below C.
3 The object N is positioned below and to the left of the object Z.
4 Y is at N's 3 o'clock.
5 M and G are next to each other with G on the right and M on the left.
6 C is on the right side to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	below	1
1 P and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom P on the top.
2 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
3 N is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
5 F is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 S is under F.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	left	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
2 U is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
3 A is diagonally below K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 The object K and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
5 A and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
6 Z is on the left side and above E.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	left	1
1 P is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 The objects C and U are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
4 J is at the bottom and P is on the top.
5 The objects C and W are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
6 E is diagonally right and below K.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The objects J and G are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 Q is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face Q.
4 I is over there and J is on the top of it.
5 L and S are parallel, and S is below L.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 D is placed at the upper left of P.
2 B is over there and R is on the left of it.
3 N is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
4 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
5 E and L are parallel, and E is on top of L.
6 N is on the left side to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	left	1
1 S is above W at 10 o'clock.
2 Y is diagonally left and below F.
3 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
4 J and G are next to each other with G on the right and J on the left.
5 T is positioned below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	below	1
1 G and W are parallel, and G is under W.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
3 Y is positioned below and to the right of K.
4 Y is north west of L.
5 C is placed at the lower left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
2 B is positioned above R and to the right.
3 J is directly above Z.
4 G is positioned below and to the right of D.
5 H is to the upper left of J.
6 W is at the bottom of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	above	1
1 F and J are parallel, and J is below F.
2 G is at U’s 9 o'clock.
3 H and U are horizontal and H is to the left of U.
4 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
5 H is below R and to the right of R.
6 O is above and to the right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 U is at M's 12 o'clock.
2 H is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
3 H is positioned in the front right corner of S.
4 Q and L are both there with the object Q is to the right of object L.
5 A is placed at the lower right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 C and B are side by side with B at the bottom and C on the top.
2 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
3 B is sitting at the lower position to F.
4 Z is positioned above C and to the left.
5 T is directly south east of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	above	1
1 R is to the top-left of D.
2 G and L are in a vertical line with G on top.
3 U is above P with a small gap between them.
4 G presents lower left to C.
5 P is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	right	1
1 A is over there and F is on the top of it.
2 F is to the right of S horizontally.
3 J is sitting at the lower left position to A.
4 J and B are side by side with J to the left and B to the right.
5 Object Q is below object T and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	above	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 X is diagonally to the upper right of L.
3 W is over there and Y is on the left.
4 R and X are next to each other with R on the left and X on the right.
5 R is on the right side and top of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
2 S is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Y and A are parallel, and Y is to the right of A.
4 N is on the right side to Y.
5 F is diagonally left and below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	below	1
1 N is on the left side to Q.
2 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
3 C is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
4 H is positioned above M.
5 J is directly south east of H.
6 H is at the bottom of A vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, B is located between 4 and 5.
2 F is sitting at the top position to A.
3 G and K are parallel, and G is to the left of K.
4 X is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
5 X is at the bottom of A vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the bottom-left of K.
2 K is at the lower side of I.
3 D is directly south east of T.
4 C is positioned below M and to the left.
5 I is at the lower side of W.
6 D is north east of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to M.
2 L is above R at 2 o'clock.
3 S is upper right to B.
4 R is on the left side to E.
5 E is placed on the top of U.
6 E is positioned left to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	left	1
1 F is over there and E is on the left of it.
2 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 I and U are next to each other with I on the left and U on the right.
4 M is to the left of F horizontally.
5 E is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
6 The object E and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is below L.
2 E presents upper right to Q.
3 E is below O at 7 o'clock.
4 Q is below X and to the right of X.
5 G and Q are vertical and G is above Q.
6 N is positioned above Z and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	left	1
1 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 X and Y are in a vertical line with X on top.
3 L presents upper right to Q.
4 F is over there and L is on the left of it.
5 Q is to the left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	above	1
1 V is directly below I.
2 O presents lower right to V.
3 The objects F and I are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
4 L is sitting in the left direction of T.
5 N is placed in the left direction of R.
6 N is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	left	1
1 Object L is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 R and M are side by side with R to the left and M to the right.
3 P is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
4 P is placed at the upper right of J.
5 D is to the left of M.
6 O is placed at the lower right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	below	1
1 F and V are vertical and F is below V.
2 S is placed at the bottom of X.
3 S is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 Y and I are next to each other with Y on the top and I at the bottom.
5 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
6 B is diagonally to the upper left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	left	1
1 A presents lower left to N.
2 L is positioned down and to the left of U.
3 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object L.
4 E is over there and T is on the right.
5 W is to the top right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Object K is below object C and to the left of it, too.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
3 W presents over N.
4 C presents lower left to W.
5 C is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
2 P is to the upper left of U.
3 J and K are vertical and J is below K.
4 U is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
5 W and P are side by side with W to the left and P to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	left	1
1 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to K.
2 N is diagonally left and above N.
3 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
4 X is below T at 7 o'clock.
5 O is positioned above H and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	below	1
1 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to O.
2 Z is on the top and F is at the bottom.
3 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
4 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
5 M is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
2 L is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
3 F is positioned down and to the left of E.
4 L is at J's 6 o'clock.
5 V is on the left and C is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 C and Q are both there with the object C is to the right of object Q.
2 R and A are in a vertical line with R on top.
3 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object U.
4 H is directly north east of Q.
5 T is on the right side to H.
6 C is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
2 F is below and to the right of O.
3 U is over there and B is on the top of it.
4 M is upper left of Q.
5 E is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
6 Q is to the right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 T is to the bottom-left of X.
2 L is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 M is below Q at 4 o'clock.
4 Y is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face Y.
5 Y is above S and to the right of S.
6 L and T are horizontal and L is to the left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
2 U is placed at the bottom of N.
3 H is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 F presents upper right to J.
5 R is upper right to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	below	1
1 V is over there with R below.
2 S and G are next to each other with S on the left and G on the right.
3 A is placed at the upper left of G.
4 Z is above and to the right of Y.
5 G is on top of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 L is below and to the left of P.
2 B and L are side by side with B to the right and L to the left.
3 E is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 Z is on the top and P is at the bottom.
5 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	above	1
1 W is to the top-right of P.
2 P is to the upper left of H.
3 H is on top of K.
4 P is below J with a small gap between them.
5 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally right and below C.
2 U is positioned down and to the left of E.
3 B is over there with H below.
4 If G is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
5 G is below and to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	above	1
1 X and U are parallel, and X is on top of U.
2 D is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
3 E is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 J and N are next to each other with N at the bottom J on the top.
5 L is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 L is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	above	1
1 T and R are parallel, and T on the right of R.
2 B and Z are parallel, and B on the left of Z.
3 K is lower left to N.
4 Z is to the bottom-right of M.
5 B is positioned below T.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	above	1
1 V is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 U and V are next to each other with V on the right and U on the left.
3 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object X.
4 L is sitting in the left direction of T.
5 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
6 N is placed in the right direction of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	left	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper right position to L.
2 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
3 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
4 C and W are parallel, and W is below C.
5 Object J is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
6 K and Z are parallel, and K is over Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object I.
2 Q and W are parallel, and Q is on top of W.
3 J is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
4 D is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 E is directly north west of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 V is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
4 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
5 U is positioned above and to the left of V.
6 L is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	left	1
1 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
2 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to O.
3 K is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 C is on the left side and above K.
5 Z and U are both there with the object U below the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the upper right of T.
2 C is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
3 S and C are next to each other with C at the bottom S on the top.
4 I is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 W and S are both there with the object S below the object W.
6 E is diagonally right and above T.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	above	1
1 V is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
2 P and V are parallel, and P on the right of V.
3 B and N are side by side with B to the left and N to the right.
4 A is below Z with a small gap between them.
5 Z is at the bottom of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 G is above O and to the right of O.
2 X is to the bottom-left of T.
3 Q and O are both there with the object O below the object Q.
4 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object K.
5 G is positioned above and to the left of B.
6 G is above T at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the right of F horizontally.
2 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
3 X is over there with Y below.
4 V is sitting at the lower left position to P.
5 Y is under U.
6 F presents over Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z is above E and to the left of E.
2 N is to the bottom left of H.
3 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
4 Y is south east of D.
5 I is over there and Y is on the top of it.
6 Y is over there and V is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	above	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
2 B is positioned below A and to the left.
3 T is sitting at the lower right position to L.
4 E is placed at the upper left of L.
5 O is placed in the right direction of Y.
6 B is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned above E and to the right.
2 L is at the bottom of K.
3 H is above E with a small gap between them.
4 D and X are parallel, and D is on top of X.
5 H is positioned left to M.
6 U is positioned up and to the right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	below	1
1 G presents over H.
2 X and G are both there with the object X is to the right of object G.
3 If L is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
4 L is diagonally to the upper left of E.
5 F is placed at the upper right of U.
6 E and G are both there with the object E above the object G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	below	1
1 C is positioned above X and to the right.
2 L and N are next to each other with N at the bottom L on the top.
3 V is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
4 L is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
6 V is to the left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 W is to the bottom right of N.
2 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
3 E is above W.
4 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object T.
5 Y is upper left of T.
6 E presents lower left to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned above and to the left of M.
2 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
3 L is over there with C above.
4 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
5 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
6 The objects G and F are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the right of C.
2 M and G are side by side with M to the right and G to the left.
3 B is to the top right of M.
4 W is over there and R is directly above it.
5 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
6 X is to the left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
2 A and C are both there with the object C below the object A.
3 Q and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
4 N is at the lower side of J.
5 H is directly south east of Z.
6 Z is placed at the lower left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Q and P are both there with the object Q above the object P.
2 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
3 Z is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
4 D is to the top-left of Q.
5 U is positioned below P and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 I and W are both there with the object I is to the left of object W.
2 D is above Q with a small gap between them.
3 E and H are parallel, and E is to the left of H.
4 P is on top of Q.
5 H and Q are both there with the object Q below the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 U is at B's 3 o'clock.
2 O is to the right of M.
3 Y is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
4 If M is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
5 W and M are both there with the object W is to the left of object M.
6 O is over there and V is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 K is below G with a small gap between them.
2 D is positioned in the top left corner of W.
3 Z and Y are side by side with Z to the right and Y to the left.
4 D is above S at 10 o'clock.
5 D is over there and Z is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 B presents lower right to A.
3 If B is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
4 O is positioned below P and to the left.
5 I is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	left	1
1 N is over there and V is directly above it.
2 D is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
3 C is to the upper left of H.
4 V is placed at the lower right of R.
5 N is diagonally to the upper left of H.
6 O and V are both there with the object O is to the right of object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 I is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
2 L is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
4 K is placed in the right direction of E.
5 The object N and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object N.
6 J is on the left and N is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 B is sitting in the left direction of R.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
3 J is on the upper right of W.
4 B is on the right side and top of J.
5 T is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 N is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 I is placed at the upper left of M.
3 Q is above S with a small gap between them.
4 R is sitting in the left direction of Y.
5 S is over there and N is directly below it.
6 A and N are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is over there and A is on the left of it.
2 K is directly south west of L.
3 J and G are parallel, and J is on top of G.
4 S is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
5 S is on the top and C is at the bottom.
6 A and G are parallel, and A is to the right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 O is to the top right of R.
2 J is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
3 O is on the left side of and below Y.
4 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
5 Y is on top of D.
6 J and A are side by side with A at the bottom and J on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the bottom-right of X.
2 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
3 U presents below I.
4 A is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
5 J is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 U and M are both there with the object U is to the left of object M.
2 S is sitting in the left direction of D.
3 B is positioned in the top left corner of E.
4 N is at S's 3 o'clock.
5 M is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	left	1
1 W is placed at the upper left of G.
2 C is diagonally to the upper right of S.
3 A is over there and C is directly above it.
4 R is to the right of N.
5 C is over there with N below.
6 Y and C are side by side with Y to the right and C to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 J is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 J presents below V.
3 V is at K's 3 o'clock.
4 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
5 R is below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
2 L and V are parallel, and L is over V.
3 Object Q is above object S and to the left of it, too.
4 V is sitting at the lower right position to S.
5 Y is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 F and D are both there with the object F is to the right of object D.
2 D is above and to the right of X.
3 J is above and to the right of H.
4 L is on the right side and below G.
5 H is over there and X is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	right	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
2 B is sitting at the lower position to L.
3 Object X is above object S and to the left of it, too.
4 L and X are both there with the object L is to the left of object X.
5 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
6 N is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	left	1
1 Object F is below object U and to the right of it, too.
2 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
3 M is placed at the upper right of D.
4 If P is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
5 D is positioned below U.
6 N is on the left side to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 D is at the bottom of R.
2 P and H are next to each other with P on the left and H on the right.
3 Y is south east of D.
4 D is to the left of X horizontally.
5 I is below and to the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
2 H is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 V is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
4 T is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 T is below X and to the left of X.
6 S is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 The object K and Z are there. The object Z is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 R is at the bottom and H is on the top.
3 I and Q are next to each other with I on the top and Q at the bottom.
4 K and C are parallel, and K is to the right of C.
5 Z is positioned right to V.
6 H is over there with K below.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower right position to G.
2 I is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face I.
3 O and A are parallel, and O on the right of A.
4 F is over there and A is on the right of it.
5 J is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 W is to the right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the right and P is on the left.
2 D is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
3 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
4 L and K are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
5 P is over there and G is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there and V is on the left.
2 Y is positioned in the front right corner of W.
3 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
4 If G is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
5 T is sitting at the lower right position to U.
6 R is above and to the right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	left	1
1 Z is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
2 Object M is below object X and to the right of it, too.
3 J is above X and to the right of X.
4 D is positioned in the front right corner of V.
5 Y is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
6 T is sitting in the right direction of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
2 E is positioned left to B.
3 J is below and to the right of F.
4 F is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
5 Object D is below object T and to the right of it, too.
6 E is below and to the left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	left	1
1 W and V are in a vertical line with V below W.
2 I is sitting at the top position to A.
3 L is north west of I.
4 U is to the bottom right of Q.
5 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
3 L is over there and Q is directly below it.
4 A is positioned right to O.
5 L is on the right and Z is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the left side to K.
2 P is on the left and E is on the right.
3 The object K and C are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
4 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
5 C is above P with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S and M are parallel, and S on the left of M.
2 E is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 J and M are parallel, and J is to the left of M.
4 J is to the bottom left of E.
5 I is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	right	1
1 P presents over K.
2 K is south west of R.
3 A is over there and K is directly below it.
4 If R is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 4 and 5.
5 Y is placed at the bottom of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 V is south west of K.
2 Q is diagonally right and above S.
3 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
4 M and B are parallel, and B is below M.
5 B is on the right side and top of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 S is sitting at the upper left position to O.
2 C is on the left and Z is on the right.
3 O is placed at the upper right of Z.
4 R is directly below Y.
5 V is diagonally left and below M.
6 C is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 M is directly above O.
2 B is at the bottom of W vertically.
3 Z and X are side by side with X at the bottom and Z on the top.
4 M is on the left side and above Y.
5 O is over there and Z is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 A is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 The objects K and A are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
4 I and A are both there with the object A below the object I.
5 K is above E and to the left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object G is positioned directly below the object K.
2 K is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 T is directly south west of I.
4 J is to the top of E vertically.
5 K and T are side by side with T at the bottom and K on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	right	1
1 L is to the left of N horizontally.
2 U presents lower right to M.
3 V is sitting at the lower left position to G.
4 L is positioned in the top left corner of E.
5 I presents lower left to V.
6 Object L is below object V and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 J and F are parallel, and J is to the left of F.
2 J and Z are parallel, and J is under Z.
3 V is positioned in the front right corner of F.
4 E is over there and L is on the right.
5 J and H are parallel, and J on the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 U is under P.
2 U is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 D is south east of C.
4 Y is directly below L.
5 L is on the left side of and below H.
6 U is placed at the upper right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	above	1
1 W and T are both there with the object W is to the right of object T.
2 D presents over I.
3 C is on the lower right of H.
4 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
5 G is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 T is on the left side to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	right	1
1 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
2 A is on top of W.
3 A and T are side by side with A on the top and T at the bottom.
4 The object Z is positioned directly below the object I.
5 A is below Z at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 O is placed at the lower left of G.
2 B is to the upper left of X.
3 W is positioned below O and to the right.
4 P is below and to the right of F.
5 F is at the bottom of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 R and B are horizontal and R is to the right of B.
2 H is below P and to the right of P.
3 H is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Y is directly south east of P.
5 J is on the left side to M.
6 M is on top of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 J is above B and to the left of B.
3 R is over there with J below.
4 If A is the center of a clock face, U is located between 4 and 5.
5 R is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there and P is on the left of it.
2 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
3 Y is on the left side and above H.
4 P is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 K and U are next to each other with U at the bottom K on the top.
6 Y is to the right of C horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 V and R are parallel, and V is to the left of R.
2 O is above V with a small gap between them.
3 Object Z is above object S and to the left of it, too.
4 Q is placed at the lower left of Z.
5 O is to the upper left of S.
6 I is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the top right of K.
2 V is on the right side to B.
3 P is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 K is to the right of M horizontally.
5 K is sitting in the right direction of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object E and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 Y is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
3 Y is at the bottom and T is on the top.
4 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
5 N is on the right side and top of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 M is over there and U is directly below it.
2 U is placed in the right direction of N.
3 C and Y are both there with the object C is to the left of object Y.
4 U and P are next to each other with U on the left and P on the right.
5 G and R are next to each other with R on the right and G on the left.
6 C is at P's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	below	1
1 J is placed in the left direction of H.
2 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 H and M are parallel, and H is over M.
4 Y is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
5 C is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 Z and M are both there with the object Z above the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
2 D is to the upper left of G.
3 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
4 Z is placed at the lower right of U.
5 D is directly south west of B.
6 O is at G’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 K is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 M is below P at 4 o'clock.
3 A and P are next to each other with P on the right and A on the left.
4 S and H are both there with the object H below the object S.
5 K is positioned in the top left corner of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	right	1
1 J is over Q.
2 J is on the upper right of X.
3 J is on the right side to P.
4 G and P are side by side with G to the right and P to the left.
5 L presents right to Y.
6 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	right	1
1 M and U are vertical and M is above U.
2 T is below and to the left of P.
3 J is placed in the left direction of P.
4 J and K are next to each other with J on the top and K at the bottom.
5 T is over there with I below.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	below	1
1 F and U are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 O is diagonally left and above O.
3 J is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 O and I are both there with the object O is to the left of object I.
5 F is over there and I is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 L is over there with J below.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
3 N is positioned above Y.
4 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
5 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned below Y and to the left.
2 J is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
3 D presents upper right to Y.
4 O is lower right of E.
5 Y is above O.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	above	1
1 H and N are vertical and H is below N.
2 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
3 If O is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
4 K is positioned down and to the left of S.
5 F is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 K is directly north west of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 V is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 M is positioned above V.
3 M is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 M and L are side by side with M to the right and L to the left.
5 V presents below R.
6 P is positioned below Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 O is at G's 3 o'clock.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
3 W is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face W.
4 R is above and to the left of C.
5 If Y is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
6 R is diagonally to the bottom left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
2 V is on the lower left of Z.
3 R is positioned below and to the right of O.
4 A presents lower left to E.
5 V is on the top and R is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 O is upper left of P.
2 S is to the top of P vertically.
3 I is placed at the lower right of J.
4 S is to the upper left of K.
5 E is at K’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	left	1
1 D is positioned below and to the right of G.
2 Y is positioned below F and to the right.
3 O is diagonally right and below D.
4 K is over there and D is on the left.
5 K and X are in a vertical line with X below K.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 V and L are parallel, and V is to the right of L.
2 N is diagonally right and below D.
3 V and N are horizontal and V is to the right of N.
4 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
5 U is positioned above A.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 U and V are both there with the object U is to the right of object V.
2 F and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
3 J is over there and F is on the right.
4 S and A are parallel, and S on the left of A.
5 V is at F's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	right	1
1 F is to the left of H.
2 I is positioned left to O.
3 O is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 E presents lower right to K.
5 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
6 I is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	above	1
1 Y is above and to the left of L.
2 B is at the bottom of W vertically.
3 R is at the lower side of H.
4 W is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
5 H and V are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 O is directly north east of L.
2 K is diagonally to the upper right of E.
3 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
4 Y is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face Y.
5 Y is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 L is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
2 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 O is to the top-left of H.
4 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
5 X is south east of C.
6 Y and J are side by side with Y on the top and J at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	left	1
1 L is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Q is on the left side of and below D.
3 C is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 R and T are parallel, and R on the right of T.
5 Q and C are parallel, and Q is under C.
6 D is sitting at the upper left position to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Y is lower right of B.
2 I is above O and to the right of O.
3 Y is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face Y.
4 A is positioned down and to the left of B.
5 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 E is at V’s 9 o'clock.
2 P is placed at the bottom of T.
3 A is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
4 Q and E are parallel, and Q on the left of E.
5 P is placed in the left direction of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 H is to the bottom-left of M.
2 P is to the left of U.
3 U is placed in the left direction of N.
4 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
5 X is to the top right of K.
6 Q is at U’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the right and L is on the left.
2 R is below A with a small gap between them.
3 L and A are vertical and L is above A.
4 B is above D at 2 o'clock.
5 A and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 D is positioned below O.
3 T is to the upper left of N.
4 F is over there and T is on the left.
5 N is over there and Z is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
2 V is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
3 O is positioned below A and to the left.
4 V and O are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
5 O is sitting at the lower position to D.
6 Object G is below object W and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	below	1
1 B is south west of Z.
2 G is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 A is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
4 If A is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
5 P is at O's 12 o'clock.
6 Object B is below object K and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The objects X and L are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 M is sitting in the left direction of W.
3 K and L are both there with the object L below the object K.
4 B and E are both there with the object B above the object E.
5 M is below K at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	right	1
1 C is upper right to V.
2 V is south east of G.
3 K is positioned in the top left corner of R.
4 Z is positioned below Y and to the right.
5 S is at the lower side of Y.
6 C and Y are parallel, and Y is below C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	above	1
1 M is positioned above B and to the right.
2 J is below G.
3 P and B are parallel, and P is under B.
4 J is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
5 N is sitting in the right direction of T.
6 K is at the bottom and P is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to M.
2 D and W are vertical and D is above W.
3 P is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
4 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
5 U is above V and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 The object N is positioned directly above the object C.
2 O is on top of K.
3 N is to the right of I horizontally.
4 C and H are side by side with H at the bottom and C on the top.
5 J is above I at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	right	1
1 M is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 N is to the left of Q horizontally.
3 N is at M's 6 o'clock.
4 X is on the right side and top of W.
5 If K is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	right	1
1 M is positioned below B and to the right.
2 H is to the top of N vertically.
3 C is positioned in the front right corner of H.
4 H presents over W.
5 O and C are parallel, and O is on top of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 K is at V’s 9 o'clock.
2 G is to the upper left of B.
3 T is south east of D.
4 T is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 T is at the lower side of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	right	1
1 J is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 F is over there and X is on the left of it.
3 X is below E at 7 o'clock.
4 J is placed at the bottom of W.
5 E is over there and M is on the top of it.
6 D is below V with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 H is on top of R.
2 Y is to the top right of H.
3 W is on the right side and top of H.
4 J is sitting in the left direction of E.
5 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
6 W is sitting at the upper left position to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Z and V are in a vertical line with V below Z.
2 The object I and R are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 E is directly south west of I.
4 N is diagonally right and above A.
5 A is to the top of E vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Y is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
3 Q is diagonally to the upper left of P.
4 The object N and B are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
5 G is to the bottom-left of R.
6 P is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	right	1
1 S is sitting at the top position to Z.
2 E is above Q.
3 R is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
5 R is on the right side and top of Z.
6 H is above V.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	above	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
2 Y and I are parallel, and Y is under I.
3 R is sitting at the lower right position to D.
4 If S is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
5 W and I are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 X and F are both there with the object X is to the right of object F.
2 U is at the bottom of W.
3 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
4 O is directly north west of X.
5 S is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 D is placed at the upper left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower position to D.
2 H is on the left side of and below D.
3 G is upper right to F.
4 H is above X and to the right of X.
5 If P is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	right	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
2 Q is over R.
3 M is positioned below and to the right of D.
4 X and Q are vertical and X is above Q.
5 N is to the right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	below	1
1 K is positioned above Q and to the left.
2 W presents upper left to K.
3 A and U are parallel, and A is over U.
4 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
5 E is to the left of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	right	1
1 G is directly north east of C.
2 M is below C and to the left of C.
3 M is on the left side to V.
4 B is above L at 10 o'clock.
5 W is sitting at the lower position to M.
6 Z and M are horizontal and Z is to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	left	1
1 C is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Z is directly north east of D.
3 K is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 D and J are parallel, and D on the left of J.
5 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	above	1
1 M is above D.
2 N presents upper left to T.
3 R is positioned above T and to the right.
4 G is over there and L is on the left.
5 M is positioned above R and to the right.
6 If D is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 U and C are parallel, and U is under C.
2 Z is positioned below T and to the right.
3 N is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 Z is placed at the lower left of A.
5 T presents right to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	right	1
1 C presents upper right to F.
2 J is positioned right to N.
3 U is at L's 3 o'clock.
4 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
5 F is on the lower left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned in the top left corner of S.
2 E is positioned in the top left corner of F.
3 N is to the bottom left of Y.
4 C presents below N.
5 C and W are horizontal and C is to the left of W.
6 D is directly above C.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
2 T presents over Q.
3 H is on top of V.
4 S is sitting at the lower right position to T.
5 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
6 L is positioned above F and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 X is placed at the lower right of J.
2 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
3 W is sitting at the upper left position to A.
4 V is positioned in the front right corner of M.
5 J is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
6 M is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Y and C are both there with the object Y above the object C.
2 Y and U are both there with the object Y is to the right of object U.
3 If U is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
4 Y is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 V and O are parallel, and V is under O.
2 J is upper left of B.
3 O is on the left and F is on the right.
4 Q is positioned below F.
5 Y and W are parallel, and Y on the left of W.
6 B is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	left	1
1 J and B are parallel, and J is on top of B.
2 B is positioned below N and to the left.
3 B is above Z.
4 I is placed in the right direction of Q.
5 Y and N are parallel, and Y on the right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	right	1
1 I is over there with Y below.
2 M and O are horizontal and M is to the left of O.
3 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
4 F is to the bottom-right of O.
5 I is over there with G above.
6 I is north west of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there and V is on the left.
2 D and F are parallel, and D on the left of F.
3 J presents lower left to C.
4 J is at the bottom of H.
5 Q is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Y is sitting at the upper right position to R.
3 I is below H and to the right of H.
4 Q is on the right side to K.
5 Y is to the upper left of N.
6 Q is lower left to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the upper left of W.
2 W is on the right side to J.
3 H presents left to E.
4 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
5 If E is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object W.
2 P is sitting in the right direction of B.
3 B is positioned up and to the right of G.
4 F is upper left of B.
5 Object F is above object C and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 Y is at M’s 9 o'clock.
3 R is above and to the right of D.
4 K is lower right of V.
5 K is positioned above and to the left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 C is diagonally right and below I.
2 N is over there and A is on the left.
3 U is to the left of F.
4 The objects N and V are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
5 Object V is below object I and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the left of T horizontally.
2 B is above O at 2 o'clock.
3 Y is on the left side to T.
4 Z is directly south west of T.
5 A is upper right to B.
6 W is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 F is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
3 B is on the left and H is on the right.
4 Q and K are next to each other with K on the right and Q on the left.
5 A and Q are vertical and A is above Q.
6 Q is to the top right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned below K.
2 P is placed on the top of C.
3 T and D are side by side with T to the right and D to the left.
4 G is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
5 P is on the lower left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
2 R is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
3 B presents upper left to H.
4 The objects V and C are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object C.
5 V is over there and T is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object R.
2 I and A are both there with the object I above the object A.
3 E is positioned left to F.
4 R is positioned down and to the left of A.
5 U is under A.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 X presents right to A.
2 Z is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 L is sitting at the upper right position to H.
4 S is sitting at the lower position to L.
5 P is to the top of F vertically.
6 L is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the top of L and is on the same vertical plane.
2 E is placed in the right direction of O.
3 K is placed at the upper right of U.
4 X is on the right side and top of O.
5 E and K are both there with the object E is to the right of object K.
6 T is to the right of K horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	above	1
1 U is directly below P.
2 P and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
3 H is placed on the top of U.
4 N is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 C is sitting at the lower position to H.
6 P is to the right of V horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	right	1
1 I is upper right to G.
2 S is below and to the left of U.
3 A is to the top-left of U.
4 A and I are side by side with A on the top and I at the bottom.
5 E is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 M and H are both there with the object M is to the right of object H.
2 If U is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
3 R and M are side by side with R on the top and M at the bottom.
4 I is on top of F.
5 F is to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 S is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 If R is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
3 T is directly north west of J.
4 Q is upper left of P.
5 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Object Q is below object T and to the right of it, too.
2 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 N is north west of Y.
5 G presents left to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
3 B and U are parallel, and B is on top of U.
4 F and O are side by side with O at the bottom and F on the top.
5 M and B are parallel, and B is below M.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	right	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
2 The object X and P are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 F presents right to Y.
4 E is sitting at the lower position to P.
5 U is above D and to the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
2 K is above F with a small gap between them.
3 S is over there and U is on the right of it.
4 B is to the upper left of S.
5 O and S are parallel, and O is over S.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
2 D is below and to the right of J.
3 J and B are vertical and J is above B.
4 D is positioned up and to the right of Y.
5 E is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned above and to the left of E.
2 E is placed at the upper right of X.
3 S is on the right side and below X.
4 O is above N at 10 o'clock.
5 Z is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Z presents lower right to J.
2 Z is placed at the upper left of C.
3 M is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 G is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
5 S is on the left side to C.
6 Z is over there and B is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
2 N is on the right side to P.
3 U and H are horizontal and U is to the left of H.
4 K and U are parallel, and K is under U.
5 Y is placed at the upper right of U.
6 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 T is at the bottom of H.
2 H is diagonally right and above B.
3 F is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
4 Q is to the bottom right of F.
5 Object K is below object J and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	right	1
1 J is on the lower right of H.
2 S is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 P is directly above S.
4 P is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 If A is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
2 H is placed at the upper right of R.
3 M is over there and G is on the left of it.
4 M is positioned below T and to the right.
5 Z is to the top right of U.
6 G is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 O and Q are side by side with O on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 K is above C and to the left of C.
3 If Q is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
4 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
5 I is to the upper left of L.
6 A and Q are vertical and A is below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	below	1
1 F is over there and B is at the bottom of it.
2 If B is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
3 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
4 W is directly south east of T.
5 S is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	below	1
1 K is on the right side and below J.
2 S is positioned right to W.
3 W is to the bottom left of X.
4 N presents lower left to D.
5 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 I and E are horizontal and I is to the right of E.
2 Q and F are horizontal and Q is to the right of F.
3 H is placed at the lower left of S.
4 I is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
5 X presents upper left to I.
6 F is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	left	1
1 J is placed in the left direction of R.
2 Y is positioned up and to the right of B.
3 R is directly south east of B.
4 D presents right to S.
5 G is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
6 P is below and to the left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 A is at the bottom of S vertically.
2 E is directly south east of X.
3 X and L are next to each other with X on the left and L on the right.
4 F is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 S is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 N is on the left side and above R.
2 If N is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
3 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
4 R is positioned below W and to the left.
5 E and O are side by side with E to the left and O to the right.
6 N is below I at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 S is above and to the left of L.
2 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
3 If O is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
4 U and R are both there with the object U is to the left of object R.
5 The object L and Y are there. The object Y is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
6 H and S are side by side with H on the top and S at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 C is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 A is directly north west of I.
4 G is north west of L.
5 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
6 D is placed on the top of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	below	1
1 F and K are parallel, and F is on top of K.
2 K is to the top right of P.
3 M is positioned down and to the left of W.
4 C and Z are vertical and C is above Z.
5 P is below and to the right of N.
6 N is over there and M is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 W is to the top-left of T.
2 C is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 J is on the right side to N.
4 I is on the right side and below C.
5 H is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 N is to the left of E horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the top-right of D.
2 J is to the bottom right of I.
3 N is north west of W.
4 J is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
5 X is above and to the right of J.
6 G is above and to the right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 M and B are side by side with M to the right and B to the left.
2 S is to the left of N horizontally.
3 M is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 C is sitting at the lower right position to X.
5 B is placed in the right direction of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 D is over Z.
2 H is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
3 P and X are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
4 P is sitting in the right direction of R.
5 N is above H at 2 o'clock.
6 If U is the center of a clock face, X is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
2 The object J is positioned directly above the object O.
3 J is positioned below and to the right of L.
4 I is positioned down and to the left of D.
5 L is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 I is at S’s 9 o'clock.
2 V and F are parallel, and V is to the left of F.
3 T is diagonally to the upper left of A.
4 G is above T at 2 o'clock.
5 T is at the lower side of F.
6 The object O is positioned directly above the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	right	1
1 Z is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
2 S is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
3 S is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
4 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
5 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned above H.
2 X and N are parallel, and X is to the left of N.
3 B is placed in the right direction of P.
4 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
5 N is on the top side to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 D and Z are parallel, and D is under Z.
2 M is to the top of H vertically.
3 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
4 Z is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 V is above K and to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 V is over there with S below.
2 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
3 The objects H and I are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
4 T is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 W and T are parallel, and W is to the left of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 G is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 X is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
3 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
4 F is positioned above D and to the right.
5 Z is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of B.
2 I is south west of S.
3 S is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
4 I and Q are parallel, and I on the left of Q.
5 X is directly south west of T.
6 I and B are both there with the object I above the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 E is over there and I is directly above it.
2 N is placed at the upper left of K.
3 I is upper left of R.
4 R is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
5 H is on the top side to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	below	1
1 P and V are side by side with P to the left and V to the right.
2 V is on the left side to O.
3 I is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 W is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
5 F is placed in the right direction of O.
6 J is on the left side to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	right	1
1 W is positioned down and to the left of N.
2 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
3 W is above R with a small gap between them.
4 A and J are in a vertical line with J below A.
5 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
6 R is placed at the lower right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 T and V are in a vertical line with T on top.
3 S is on the right and Q is on the left.
4 J is to the bottom-right of S.
5 S is above T with a small gap between them.
6 Z is over there and H is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	below	1
1 L and I are both there with the object L is to the left of object I.
2 P is on the lower left of R.
3 K is below and to the left of L.
4 O presents below Y.
5 O is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Y is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 E is on the right side and top of D.
4 L is on the lower left of F.
5 E and O are horizontal and E is to the left of O.
6 Y is above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the top-right of W.
2 U is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
3 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
4 J is placed at the upper left of W.
5 J and C are both there with the object J above the object C.
6 S is over J.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	below	1
1 O is placed at the bottom of F.
2 A is to the right of Q.
3 If F is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
4 R is sitting in the left direction of I.
5 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
6 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the top position to K.
2 K is upper right to G.
3 The object S is positioned directly below the object K.
4 Z is south west of I.
5 C is sitting in the left direction of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	below	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
2 F and D are both there with the object F is to the right of object D.
3 V is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 V is positioned above and to the left of W.
5 R and W are horizontal and R is to the left of W.
6 H is on the upper right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned right to Z.
2 Object O is below object T and to the right of it, too.
3 Y and B are next to each other with Y on the top and B at the bottom.
4 T is positioned below Z.
5 B is over there and T is at the bottom of it.
6 I is on the left and V is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Q is below F at 4 o'clock.
2 G is over there with U above.
3 M is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
4 The objects R and Q are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
5 W and O are next to each other with O at the bottom W on the top.
6 W is on the upper right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	above	1
1 K presents over E.
2 B is positioned below K and to the left.
3 Q is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 H is positioned in the top left corner of K.
5 Z is on the right side and below E.
6 J is south east of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
2 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
3 M is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 W is to the bottom-right of S.
5 C is placed in the left direction of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 P and E are vertical and P is below E.
2 T is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 E is at the lower side of L.
4 T is upper left of N.
5 C is directly north east of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	below	1
1 J is on the left side of and below N.
2 V is over there and F is on the right of it.
3 O and F are in a vertical line with O on top.
4 B is upper left of V.
5 V is on the left side to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 B presents lower right to L.
2 Z is over J.
3 K is to the top-right of O.
4 L presents lower right to K.
5 S is below and to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Z is on the top and J is at the bottom.
3 Z is to the bottom left of Q.
4 D is at V's 3 o'clock.
5 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	right	1
1 X is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 P and U are vertical and P is above U.
3 I and X are both there with the object I is to the left of object X.
4 H is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 U is diagonally left and above U.
6 W is positioned above and to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 N presents over C.
2 X and L are side by side with X to the left and L to the right.
3 A is above and to the right of F.
4 C is at O's 12 o'clock.
5 A is below C at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Object U is below object G and to the right of it, too.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
3 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
4 B is diagonally right and above A.
5 L is diagonally left and above L.
6 L is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 J is diagonally right and below M.
3 D is to the right of U horizontally.
4 A and Z are horizontal and A is to the left of Z.
5 A is on the left and P is on the right.
6 I is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	left	1
1 W is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 P is directly south east of Z.
3 The objects W and V are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
4 W is below and to the left of J.
5 W is above A and to the left of A.
6 I is on the top and A is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 X is above W at 2 o'clock.
2 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
3 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
4 W is above U at 2 o'clock.
5 Y is below B with a small gap between them.
6 B is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the left of F horizontally.
2 H is to the right of W horizontally.
3 W is on the left side and above K.
4 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
5 S is at the bottom and T is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 C and U are next to each other with C on the top and U at the bottom.
2 Y and K are vertical and Y is above K.
3 The object A is positioned directly above the object F.
4 Y is on the right and O is on the left.
5 N and Y are side by side with N to the right and Y to the left.
6 K is placed on the top of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	above	1
1 M is over there and S is on the left.
2 E is on the top of O and is on the same vertical plane.
3 K presents lower right to P.
4 G is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
5 S is above K at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 L is below Y at 4 o'clock.
2 T is over there with O below.
3 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
4 T is placed at the bottom of D.
5 Y and T are parallel, and Y on the left of T.
6 B is sitting in the right direction of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 K is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 J is at Q's 6 o'clock.
3 A is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
4 C is over there and J is directly above it.
5 A is to the bottom right of W.
6 P and A are in a vertical line with P on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 N is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
2 A is upper right to T.
3 B is above Z.
4 A and Z are parallel, and A is over Z.
5 Object H is below object A and to the left of it, too.
6 K presents lower left to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Q and B are side by side with Q to the left and B to the right.
2 V presents lower right to Z.
3 R and Z are parallel, and R is on top of Z.
4 V and S are both there with the object V is to the right of object S.
5 V presents below B.
6 T is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Y and C are side by side with Y to the right and C to the left.
2 F and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
3 W is to the bottom right of A.
4 M is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
5 F is directly north east of B.
6 Z is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 C is directly south west of F.
2 W and N are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
3 P is at the bottom of Z.
4 If K is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
5 Z is below N and to the left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
2 The object C is positioned directly above the object S.
3 P is to the bottom-right of H.
4 A and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and A on the top.
5 G is over there with H above.
6 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	left	1
1 B is on the lower right of P.
2 H is placed at the upper right of V.
3 P is on the same vertical plane directly above H.
4 V is on the left side to S.
5 Z and Q are vertical and Z is above Q.
6 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of Y.
2 Z is diagonally right and below N.
3 F is below and to the left of N.
4 Y is positioned above L.
5 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
6 Y is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	right	1
1 D is under L.
2 T is to the right of L horizontally.
3 U and D are parallel, and U on the right of D.
4 F and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
5 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
6 V is on the upper right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	right	1
1 The objects I and G are over there. The object I is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
3 B is on the lower right of H.
4 V is diagonally left and below G.
5 C is at V's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 H is at Q's 6 o'clock.
2 P presents lower left to G.
3 X is positioned in the top left corner of K.
4 K is on the top and U is at the bottom.
5 U is to the left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The objects J and O are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 S is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
4 Z is to the top right of H.
5 W is sitting in the right direction of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	left	1
1 O is south east of U.
2 U is to the top-right of S.
3 R is sitting at the upper left position to U.
4 The object K is positioned directly below the object S.
5 K is to the bottom-right of V.
6 W is positioned above F and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 E is placed on the top of C.
2 The object O is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
3 S and E are parallel, and S is to the left of E.
4 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
5 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
6 E is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 U and I are side by side with U to the left and I to the right.
3 U is diagonally right and above E.
4 S is placed at the lower left of Z.
5 Object E is above object G and to the left of it, too.
6 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 Object M is below object D and to the right of it, too.
2 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 G is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 S is lower left to G.
5 W presents upper left to S.
6 L and M are side by side with L to the right and M to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	left	1
1 Y and S are both there with the object Y is to the left of object S.
2 E is below O and to the right of O.
3 A is over there and O is on the top of it.
4 C and K are both there with the object K below the object C.
5 S is placed on the top of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 T and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
3 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
4 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object T.
5 J is to the top-left of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 D presents over Z.
2 B is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 I and Z are parallel, and I is over Z.
4 C is on the right and I is on the left.
5 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
6 P presents lower left to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	above	1
1 P and J are next to each other with P on the top and J at the bottom.
2 K presents left to F.
3 J is above and to the right of Y.
4 Q is above Y with a small gap between them.
5 J is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
2 D is sitting at the top position to C.
3 Object D is above object O and to the left of it, too.
4 F is below and to the left of X.
5 J is placed at the upper left of A.
6 O is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	right	1
1 X is positioned above T and to the right.
2 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 M is to the top-left of C.
4 M is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
5 T is to the left of M horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	left	1
1 G is sitting at the lower position to F.
2 E presents left to G.
3 Object Q is above object G and to the left of it, too.
4 U and E are parallel, and U on the right of E.
5 J is above and to the left of A.
6 T is on the left and G is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the top right of G.
2 U is placed at the lower left of B.
3 N is positioned below U and to the right.
4 N and Y are in a vertical line with N on top.
5 U is above L and to the left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	below	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
2 J is sitting at the upper left position to C.
3 F is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 M is over there and H is directly below it.
5 I is to the top-left of L.
6 C is above and to the left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	left	1
1 P is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
2 M is on the right side to Q.
3 R and S are both there with the object S below the object R.
4 Q is positioned above J.
5 P is on the left side to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Q is placed in the left direction of L.
2 S is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
3 T is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 The object S and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
5 L is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the left side and above D.
2 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
3 The object P and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object P.
4 X is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Z is to the top of V vertically.
6 D is placed at the lower left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 R is upper right to N.
2 L is above and to the right of K.
3 L is sitting in the right direction of M.
4 K is over there with R above.
5 R is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
6 T is over there with E above.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object P.
2 X is positioned down and to the left of J.
3 X is below P at 4 o'clock.
4 L is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 H is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
6 E is south east of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	right	1
1 Y is above O with a small gap between them.
2 B is above N with a small gap between them.
3 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
4 S is lower right of X.
5 B is over there and X is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there and L is on the right.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
3 I is below K and to the left of K.
4 E is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	right	1
1 Q and S are next to each other with Q on the top and S at the bottom.
2 D is placed in the left direction of Q.
3 Q is directly south west of J.
4 H is lower left to F.
5 The object J and I are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Object B is below object F and to the left of it, too.
2 B is placed on the top of A.
3 A is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 The object J and D are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
5 I is placed at the bottom of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	above	1
1 B is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 M is over there and D is directly below it.
3 V is to the top right of F.
4 D is above F at 10 o'clock.
5 B is north east of O.
6 G and U are next to each other with G on the left and U on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	below	1
1 X and Z are parallel, and X on the right of Z.
2 S is directly below X.
3 Object H is below object S and to the right of it, too.
4 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
5 A is on the top and L is at the bottom.
6 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 R and S are parallel, and R on the right of S.
2 D and Q are both there with the object Q below the object D.
3 A is there and Z is at the 2 position of a clock face A.
4 Z is upper left of S.
5 O is on the left and Z is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	right	1
1 W is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 L is directly south west of X.
3 W is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 J and H are side by side with H at the bottom and J on the top.
5 T and X are next to each other with T on the top and X at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
2 T is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 B and V are parallel, and B is to the right of V.
4 E is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
5 T is on the upper right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	right	1
1 B is north west of P.
2 B and X are next to each other with X on the right and B on the left.
3 K is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
4 P and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
5 S is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
6 J is positioned below and to the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom-right of M.
2 I is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
3 A is on the left and J is on the right.
4 The object D is positioned directly above the object Q.
5 M is above J and to the left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 Q presents upper right to M.
2 J is lower left to F.
3 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
4 Object L is above object P and to the left of it, too.
5 J is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
2 R is on the lower right of W.
3 P is over there and S is on the right of it.
4 Y is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face Y.
5 X is placed at the upper right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 B is above R at 10 o'clock.
2 J is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
3 L is on the right side and below B.
4 O is at L's 12 o'clock.
5 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	right	1
1 B is north west of U.
2 T and C are parallel, and C is below T.
3 Q is to the top-left of W.
4 Q is above B and to the right of B.
5 Z is directly north west of Q.
6 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 E is over there and J is on the left of it.
3 Q is above P at 2 o'clock.
4 I and Q are horizontal and I is to the right of Q.
5 P is north east of K.
6 H is at K’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 H is at Q's 3 o'clock.
2 W presents left to R.
3 F is positioned up and to the right of K.
4 L is over there with K above.
5 L and W are horizontal and L is to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 L is above and to the left of G.
2 W is positioned below L.
3 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
4 S is positioned above D.
5 D is below G at 7 o'clock.
6 C is diagonally left and below J.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The objects X and Z are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
3 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
4 B is directly north west of X.
5 X and T are parallel, and X on the right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned below A and to the right.
2 The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 A is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 C is over there and P is directly above it.
5 A and P are vertical and A is above P.
6 Q is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	below	1
1 F is diagonally left and below Q.
2 Q is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 P and L are next to each other with P on the left and L on the right.
4 C is on the left side to D.
5 Q is directly south east of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there and Q is on the right.
2 Q is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object Q.
4 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
5 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	above	1
1 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
2 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 If J is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
4 P is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
5 P and D are in a vertical line with P on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	right	1
1 V is sitting at the upper right position to C.
2 Q is to the right of C horizontally.
3 Y is on the lower right of Q.
4 Z is positioned right to U.
5 V is at A's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 U and J are both there with the object U above the object J.
2 L is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Y is to the left of U.
4 V is on the left side to U.
5 P and L are side by side with L at the bottom and P on the top.
6 D is below I.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	right	1
1 F and O are parallel, and F is over O.
2 H is diagonally right and below Q.
3 M presents over Z.
4 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
5 H is above S and to the right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	below	1
1 Object I is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 M is over there and N is on the right.
3 K is north west of N.
4 E and T are side by side with E to the right and T to the left.
5 M and Y are in a vertical line with M on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	below	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
2 K is directly above L.
3 S and A are horizontal and S is to the right of A.
4 U is sitting in the left direction of K.
5 W is directly south east of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 N is above W with a small gap between them.
2 W is above M and to the right of M.
3 N is over there and S is on the right of it.
4 U is over there and W is on the right.
5 M is to the right of R horizontally.
6 I is directly north west of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 R is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 X is above W with a small gap between them.
3 Y and S are parallel, and S is below Y.
4 Y is placed on the top of N.
5 Object U is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 P is at T’s 9 o'clock.
2 O is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 G is positioned below Q.
4 P is diagonally left and below A.
5 Q and P are side by side with Q to the right and P to the left.
6 V is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 C is diagonally left and below D.
2 J and S are both there with the object J above the object S.
3 T is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 N is south east of H.
5 S is to the upper left of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the left and T is on the right.
2 J is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 C is positioned in the top left corner of W.
4 U is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 C is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
6 W is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 L is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 E is above L and to the right of L.
3 V is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 X is over there and E is directly above it.
5 Object E is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
6 C is placed at the upper left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the top and I is at the bottom.
2 B is over there and J is on the left.
3 V is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
4 A presents upper left to V.
5 M and I are in a vertical line with I below M.
6 X is directly above O.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 M is sitting in the left direction of O.
3 A is above X at 2 o'clock.
4 T is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 The object L and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
6 J is at the bottom of O vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 H is positioned below M and to the right.
3 A is lower right of F.
4 R is below and to the right of A.
5 F is at D's 3 o'clock.
6 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower position to R.
2 X is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 R is on the upper right of U.
4 X and M are in a vertical line with M below X.
5 F is directly south east of U.
6 Z is on the top side to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	below	1
1 D is placed at the upper left of G.
2 K is placed at the lower left of W.
3 W is placed at the lower right of D.
4 T is placed in the right direction of Z.
5 C presents left to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	right	1
1 S is sitting at the top position to T.
2 N is to the bottom-right of J.
3 N is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
4 V is over there with F below.
5 F and Z are both there with the object F above the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
2 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
3 L is sitting at the lower right position to E.
4 D is at the bottom of C.
5 L is to the right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	below	1
1 L is positioned right to X.
2 U is to the top-left of L.
3 B is over X.
4 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
5 B is above M.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	right	1
1 O and H are parallel, and O on the left of H.
2 M is positioned up and to the right of E.
3 C is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 H is placed in the right direction of E.
5 O is below V with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	above	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
2 T is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 H is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 E is directly north east of B.
5 Y is at the lower side of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 T and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and T on the left.
2 E is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
3 Z is at U's 6 o'clock.
4 Object E is below object U and to the left of it, too.
5 Object E is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
6 H is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 D is over there with K above.
2 H is over there and B is on the left of it.
3 O and S are parallel, and O is to the left of S.
4 E is sitting at the lower left position to U.
5 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
6 E is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned in the lower left corner of A.
2 A is directly above L.
3 W and F are horizontal and W is to the right of F.
4 R is below L at 4 o'clock.
5 U is below L.
6 L is upper right to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 I and G are both there with the object G below the object I.
2 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
3 E is at the bottom of D vertically.
4 H and D are both there with the object H above the object D.
5 G is to the left of V with a small gap between them.
6 N is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	left	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 B is sitting at the upper left position to W.
3 P is over there and L is on the left of it.
4 S and W are side by side with W at the bottom and S on the top.
5 R is positioned right to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	above	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
2 B is to the bottom right of S.
3 A is diagonally left and above A.
4 C is positioned below A and to the right.
5 N is at C's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 E and M are next to each other with M on the right and E on the left.
2 U and Q are parallel, and U is over Q.
3 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object Q.
4 X is positioned up and to the right of C.
5 Y is above X and to the right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 M is above L.
2 The objects R and U are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 O presents left to W.
4 L and J are both there with the object J below the object L.
5 C is above O and to the right of O.
6 L is below C at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 Z is over there with X below.
3 C is sitting in the left direction of U.
4 O and Z are in a vertical line with O on top.
5 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 M and E are both there with the object M is to the left of object E.
2 B is diagonally below P to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 Q and X are side by side with X at the bottom and Q on the top.
4 Z is sitting at the lower right position to B.
5 B is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
6 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the left of D.
2 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
3 S is south west of K.
4 M is positioned left to Z.
5 K is on the left and M is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	left	1
1 W presents right to H.
2 J and W are vertical and J is below W.
3 W is south east of Z.
4 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
5 X is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
6 S is at the lower side of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 M is placed at the lower right of Z.
3 M is diagonally left and above M.
4 Q is below and to the left of W.
5 Q is at the bottom of Z.
6 N is at A's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 T and C are vertical and T is above C.
3 O is diagonally left and below H.
4 C is sitting at the lower right position to O.
5 L is below and to the left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Z is above S.
2 D is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 The object R is positioned directly below the object M.
4 M is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 D is on the lower left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 X and S are parallel, and X on the left of S.
2 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
3 L and J are next to each other with L on the top and J at the bottom.
4 D is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
5 O is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
6 Object S is above object R and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 K is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 The object J is positioned directly below the object A.
3 T is at O's 6 o'clock.
4 K is diagonally to the upper left of D.
5 P and J are side by side with J at the bottom and P on the top.
6 K is over V.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper left of A.
2 V is above and to the right of J.
3 M is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
4 O is directly south east of H.
5 O and Y are both there with the object O is to the left of object Y.
6 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object O.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
2 B and H are in a vertical line with H below B.
3 F is diagonally below P to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 F is positioned down and to the left of C.
5 N is sitting at the upper left position to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 F is above U at 2 o'clock.
2 G is positioned up and to the right of C.
3 F is diagonally to the upper right of I.
4 S is over there with F above.
5 J presents below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	below	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 F is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
3 P is diagonally right and below G.
4 P is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 The object F is positioned directly above the object P.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the right side and below B.
2 A is sitting in the left direction of D.
3 P is placed at the bottom of D.
4 S is at L's 3 o'clock.
5 X is south east of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 I presents upper left to D.
2 U is positioned below X and to the right.
3 R is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
4 E is to the bottom left of D.
5 H is placed at the bottom of I.
6 H is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The objects F and T are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 N presents below I.
3 Q is to the upper left of T.
4 M is positioned down and to the left of K.
5 Q and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the lower right position to L.
2 G is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 E is positioned in the front right corner of X.
4 L is sitting at the lower right position to C.
5 C is above and to the right of F.
6 M is positioned in the front right corner of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the bottom-right of O.
2 E is below A and to the left of A.
3 C and F are parallel, and C is to the right of F.
4 H is sitting at the upper left position to G.
5 O is above K with a small gap between them.
6 F presents upper right to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	below	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper left of X.
2 A is over there and Z is directly above it.
3 A is positioned left to J.
4 B and S are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
5 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 S and P are side by side with S to the right and P to the left.
2 S is directly south east of N.
3 H and S are side by side with H to the right and S to the left.
4 V and H are in a vertical line with H below V.
5 U and Z are both there with the object U above the object Z.
6 H is diagonally left and above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
2 I presents lower right to X.
3 T is positioned in the top left corner of R.
4 I is to the top-left of M.
5 A is to the bottom left of J.
6 T is below B and to the left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	left	1
1 D and H are both there with the object D above the object H.
2 H is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
3 F is positioned in the front right corner of L.
4 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
5 D is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	above	1
1 S is to the left of W.
2 W is positioned below G and to the left.
3 W is over there with Q above.
4 Y is directly north east of W.
5 U is on top of X.
6 T is below G at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the upper right position to G.
2 Q is positioned in the front right corner of R.
3 X is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
4 M is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 K and G are both there with the object K above the object G.
6 U is upper right to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 M is to the upper left of E.
2 Y is on the right side and top of E.
3 W and Y are horizontal and W is to the right of Y.
4 T is above and to the right of G.
5 M is to the right of K horizontally.
6 Y is directly south west of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	below	1
1 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
2 Y is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
4 V is positioned up and to the right of K.
5 N and T are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
6 T is over there and E is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the bottom-right of B.
2 V is lower left to C.
3 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
4 G and Z are parallel, and G on the right of Z.
5 G is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
6 The object R and G are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	below	1
1 J and Y are side by side with J to the left and Y to the right.
2 Z is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
3 F is on top of Y.
4 Object M is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
5 R is to the top of C vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	right	1
1 R is positioned below K and to the left.
2 I is positioned right to L.
3 G and O are both there with the object O below the object G.
4 K and O are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
5 K presents right to X.
6 R is to the top of U vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	below	1
1 P is to the left of L.
2 A is below and to the right of F.
3 P is at the bottom and A is on the top.
4 N is positioned down and to the left of F.
5 D and K are parallel, and K is below D.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 M and P are side by side with M to the right and P to the left.
2 J and P are parallel, and J is on top of P.
3 M is on the lower left of R.
4 E is over X.
5 P is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 Q is placed in the left direction of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Object D is above object W and to the left of it, too.
3 D is to the left of U.
4 I is diagonally to the upper left of U.
5 R is to the left of I.
6 Z is at the bottom of U vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	above	1
1 B presents right to O.
2 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
3 U is over there and Y is directly below it.
4 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
5 M and Y are side by side with M to the right and Y to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	left	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
2 G is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 G is over there and S is on the top of it.
4 S is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
6 Q and L are side by side with L at the bottom and Q on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
2 V is at S's 12 o'clock.
3 P and B are next to each other with B at the bottom P on the top.
4 E is below P at 4 o'clock.
5 Y is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
6 The object E is positioned directly below the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 L is diagonally left and below B.
2 P is over there and S is on the left.
3 C is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
4 K is over there and B is on the left of it.
5 L is on the right side to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	left	1
1 F and R are side by side with R at the bottom and F on the top.
2 Z and Q are parallel, and Z is to the left of Q.
3 E is on the top side to Q.
4 M and V are horizontal and M is to the right of V.
5 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
6 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 B and Q are both there with the object Q below the object B.
3 W is above D at 10 o'clock.
4 O is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
5 Y is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
6 O is north west of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	below	1
1 Y is placed in the right direction of R.
2 C and E are both there with the object C is to the left of object E.
3 Z is to the upper left of H.
4 T is placed at the lower right of U.
5 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
6 C is diagonally left and below T.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned down and to the left of K.
2 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
3 G is to the right of K horizontally.
4 S is to the right of M.
5 O is placed in the left direction of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 C is at I’s 9 o'clock.
2 C is over there and K is directly below it.
3 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
4 T is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 X and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
6 The object K is positioned directly above the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, B is located between 4 and 5.
2 D is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
4 O is positioned in the top left corner of M.
5 M is south east of L.
6 S is at L's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	right	1
1 B is at the lower side of U.
2 K is on the right side to B.
3 U is diagonally right and below S.
4 M is at the bottom and C is on the top.
5 B is diagonally to the upper right of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 G and N are in a vertical line with G on top.
2 F is diagonally to the upper right of N.
3 H and G are parallel, and G is below H.
4 V is above and to the right of H.
5 C is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	above	1
1 A is over there and C is on the right.
2 X is positioned below F.
3 Object C is above object W and to the left of it, too.
4 R is north east of U.
5 W is to the bottom-left of R.
6 W is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	right	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly above A.
2 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
3 E is on the top and C is at the bottom.
4 O is sitting at the lower right position to W.
5 V is positioned in the lower right corner of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the lower left position to H.
2 J is positioned below and to the right of V.
3 The objects E and J are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
4 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
5 V is positioned below and to the right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the left of F.
2 Object O is above object X and to the left of it, too.
3 E is below S at 4 o'clock.
4 B is positioned right to T.
5 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	below	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
2 C is below and to the right of J.
3 W is sitting at the top position to C.
4 R presents lower left to T.
5 W is over there and R is directly above it.
6 Z presents upper right to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	left	1
1 S is south west of Y.
2 B presents left to Y.
3 Y is below W and to the left of W.
4 B and O are side by side with B to the right and O to the left.
5 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	right	1
1 P is above C at 10 o'clock.
2 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
3 Object A is above object J and to the right of it, too.
4 G is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
5 C is on the left side to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	left	1
1 D presents lower right to M.
2 M and N are in a vertical line with M on top.
3 U and M are parallel, and U is to the right of M.
4 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object I.
5 B is on the lower right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 W and L are both there with the object W is to the right of object L.
2 C is to the left of A.
3 O is on the right and D is on the left.
4 O is on the top and X is at the bottom.
5 W is diagonally to the upper left of O.
6 G and X are in a vertical line with G on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Z and O are next to each other with Z on the top and O at the bottom.
3 Q presents upper left to J.
4 A is below M and to the right of M.
5 J and A are side by side with J on the top and A at the bottom.
6 The object Y and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object X.
2 X is to the upper left of S.
3 P is over there and W is directly above it.
4 X is to the top-left of V.
5 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
6 W is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	left	1
1 S is to the left of V.
2 V and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and V on the left.
3 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 E is to the upper left of M.
5 A and Z are horizontal and A is to the right of Z.
6 T is directly north east of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	left	1
1 V is positioned below N.
2 I is over H.
3 L is positioned down and to the left of W.
4 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to I.
5 W is at the bottom of G vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Y is positioned left to C.
2 U is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
3 F is over there with O above.
4 U is diagonally left and below C.
5 Object C is below object V and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	above	1
1 A is south east of M.
2 L presents upper left to S.
3 I is over there and Z is directly above it.
4 S is at Y's 3 o'clock.
5 O is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 O and S are horizontal and O is to the left of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object A and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 K is above R at 2 o'clock.
3 N is diagonally left and below Z.
4 N is above W.
5 H is to the bottom right of I.
6 R is over W.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object K.
2 S is above Q with a small gap between them.
3 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
4 F is placed at the upper left of T.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
6 L is on the left side to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 G is to the left of D.
2 Z and R are parallel, and R is below Z.
3 U is above A with a small gap between them.
4 R and N are both there with the object R is to the right of object N.
5 R is over there and G is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	left	1
1 S and G are next to each other with G on the right and S on the left.
2 The object V and G are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 K is to the bottom right of F.
4 F is directly south west of S.
5 The object P is positioned directly above the object Y.
6 X is on the right side to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 L is directly above Q.
2 L is below X.
3 S is above O.
4 A is positioned above D and to the right.
5 G is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 X and O are next to each other with O on the right and X on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	above	1
1 Y is on the right side and top of C.
2 Y presents below X.
3 O is positioned below N and to the left.
4 X is diagonally left and below V.
5 C is above F with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the bottom-right of S.
2 O is positioned below and to the right of S.
3 Z is at X's 6 o'clock.
4 Z is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
5 H is positioned below and to the right of E.
6 Z and S are next to each other with S at the bottom Z on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to E.
2 X and H are parallel, and X is over H.
3 A is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 L and Y are next to each other with L on the top and Y at the bottom.
5 P is to the bottom-left of X.
6 Y is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 S is above and to the left of H.
2 T is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper righthand corner.
3 W is sitting at the upper left position to X.
4 L is above O at 10 o'clock.
5 O is at S's 6 o'clock.
6 H and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Y is above R and to the left of R.
2 R is over there and A is directly above it.
3 D is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 Q is sitting at the upper right position to J.
5 If M is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
6 J is positioned below and to the right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 X is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 R is at the lower side of E.
3 U is on the upper right of X.
4 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
5 V and T are side by side with V on the top and T at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
2 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
3 V presents left to O.
4 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
5 H is at the bottom of G vertically.
6 R is diagonally left and above R.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	right	1
1 V is to the upper left of I.
2 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object V.
3 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
4 N is over there and R is on the top of it.
5 J is positioned above S.
6 V is upper left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L and E are next to each other with L on the top and E at the bottom.
2 G is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 If Y is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
4 Q is placed in the right direction of R.
5 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
6 Y is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents left to X.
2 If Y is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
3 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
4 K and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
5 W and A are both there with the object A below the object W.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 F and I are both there with the object I below the object F.
2 X and Y are side by side with X to the right and Y to the left.
3 G is at the bottom of Q.
4 G and V are parallel, and V is below G.
5 V is on the top and X is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
2 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
3 E is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
4 S is over there and U is on the top of it.
5 S and F are parallel, and S is to the right of F.
6 Object C is below object U and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	below	1
1 A and T are vertical and A is below T.
2 E is over there and S is directly above it.
3 B and A are side by side with B on the top and A at the bottom.
4 W is sitting at the lower right position to M.
5 E is north west of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
2 O is positioned above and to the left of J.
3 R presents over T.
4 W is below J at 7 o'clock.
5 A is placed at the lower left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the top-left of Z.
2 Object W is below object U and to the left of it, too.
3 W is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
4 P is over there and V is on the right.
5 D is at P's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 O and D are parallel, and O is on top of D.
2 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
3 J presents lower right to O.
4 L is above J and to the right of J.
5 U is on the upper right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 A presents upper left to G.
2 P is positioned left to H.
3 P is south east of X.
4 Y is positioned down and to the left of R.
5 A and D are both there with the object D below the object A.
6 D is positioned above H and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	left	1
1 P is to the top-left of S.
2 K is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face K.
3 S is on the top and H is at the bottom.
4 V is positioned in the top left corner of W.
5 J is north east of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
3 W and F are parallel, and W is under F.
4 W is placed in the right direction of P.
5 Z is placed at the upper right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
3 S and V are horizontal and S is to the right of V.
4 G is diagonally left and below K.
5 Q is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 B is to the right of G.
2 G is on the right and A is on the left.
3 B is above S at 2 o'clock.
4 A is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
5 E is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned down and to the left of W.
2 N presents lower right to I.
3 K is diagonally left and above K.
4 E is positioned down and to the left of W.
5 P is sitting at the top position to I.
6 D is over there and E is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	above	1
1 B is below and to the right of F.
2 L and F are both there with the object L is to the left of object F.
3 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
4 F is to the bottom-left of S.
5 Y and F are next to each other with F on the right and Y on the left.
6 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the left side and above B.
2 S is directly north east of K.
3 D is diagonally left and below K.
4 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
5 Q is positioned below and to the right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the upper left of Q.
2 K is lower left to I.
3 P presents right to S.
4 Q and E are both there with the object Q above the object E.
5 Q is over there and X is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the top-left of N.
2 F is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 M and A are parallel, and M is to the right of A.
4 Z is at N's 3 o'clock.
5 O presents below X.
6 Q presents lower right to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 I and T are parallel, and I on the left of T.
2 I is at K's 12 o'clock.
3 I is above Y at 10 o'clock.
4 If H is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
5 Q is below and to the left of V.
6 X is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 X is at the bottom of E vertically.
2 Q is on the left and Y is on the right.
3 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
4 X is over there and N is on the top of it.
5 O is over there and N is on the right of it.
6 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	above	1
1 C is placed at the lower right of A.
2 F is to the left of A horizontally.
3 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
4 C is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 If X is the center of a clock face, N is located between 7 and 8.
6 F and H are both there with the object F is to the right of object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 S is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
3 M is on the right and B is on the left.
4 P is on the right side and top of S.
5 M is positioned right to R.
6 F and B are both there with the object F is to the right of object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	above	1
1 Q is to the left of Z horizontally.
2 E and F are parallel, and E on the right of F.
3 Z and B are side by side with Z to the right and B to the left.
4 P is above K.
5 K is to the top of R vertically.
6 Z is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	right	1
1 M is positioned below F and to the right.
2 S is on the right side and below F.
3 C is sitting at the lower position to L.
4 U and F are next to each other with F at the bottom U on the top.
5 U is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	below	1
1 H is upper right to B.
2 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object J.
3 U is at the bottom and T is on the top.
4 G is placed at the lower left of I.
5 H is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 F presents upper right to H.
2 F and C are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
3 H is placed on the top of Z.
4 E is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 R is diagonally left and above R.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom right of Y.
2 M is positioned above Y.
3 L is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 G is above Y at 2 o'clock.
5 U is sitting at the top position to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 X is over W.
2 The objects S and U are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
3 P is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 The object labeled U is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
5 H is to the top-left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 A and X are next to each other with A on the top and X at the bottom.
2 Y is directly south east of Q.
3 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
4 Object V is below object B and to the left of it, too.
5 B is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and Q is on the right.
2 Q is directly above Z.
3 T is below X.
4 A presents below B.
5 Z is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Q presents left to Z.
2 T is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 X presents left to L.
4 J is diagonally left and above J.
5 J is sitting in the left direction of X.
6 X is above and to the left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 F presents right to Z.
2 If U is the center of a clock face, E is located between 4 and 5.
3 L is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 H is above U and to the left of U.
5 Z is to the left of E with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
2 F is positioned in the front right corner of U.
3 If Z is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
4 O is on the left side to A.
5 F is under T.
6 F is at the bottom of C and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The objects E and W are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 P is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 P is to the right of C.
4 N presents over F.
5 P is north east of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 R is directly above J.
3 The objects K and I are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
4 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
5 C is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
6 I is positioned above J and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V and Y are parallel, and Y is below V.
2 P is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
3 X is sitting at the upper right position to T.
4 I and T are side by side with I on the top and T at the bottom.
5 M is north west of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 J is above F with a small gap between them.
2 J is on the right side and top of E.
3 X is diagonally to the upper left of B.
4 V is on the right side to F.
5 P is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 A is lower right of G.
2 O and R are horizontal and O is to the left of R.
3 J is below R with a small gap between them.
4 O is on the left side to A.
5 N is south east of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	below	1
1 N is to the upper left of A.
2 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 B is positioned below and to the right of A.
4 Y is south west of D.
5 Z is at the lower side of N.
6 Z is south east of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 F and H are next to each other with F on the left and H on the right.
2 C is over there and D is directly above it.
3 O is upper left of E.
4 I and H are parallel, and I is on top of H.
5 R is placed in the right direction of H.
6 O is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	below	1
1 K and Z are parallel, and K is on top of Z.
2 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 J is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 Z is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 G is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
3 L is on the upper right of E.
4 B and J are side by side with J at the bottom and B on the top.
5 X is at O’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 S is positioned right to D.
2 D is directly above Z.
3 V is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 V is over there and A is on the right of it.
5 B is to the top right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
2 N is at T's 3 o'clock.
3 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
4 I is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 G is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at Z's 12 o'clock.
2 A is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 F is on the left side and above I.
4 The object I is positioned above and to the left of object D.
5 I and Z are in a vertical line with Z below I.
6 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object K is positioned directly above the object Q.
2 O is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 I is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 G is placed at the lower left of A.
5 I and Q are next to each other with I on the left and Q on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	below	1
1 J is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
2 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
3 Q is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
4 Z and N are parallel, and Z is on top of N.
5 V is over R.
6 N is positioned down and to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 E is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 E is to the top-left of W.
3 R is placed in the right direction of V.
4 Z and W are side by side with Z to the right and W to the left.
5 W is on the top side to R.
6 D is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
2 L and K are horizontal and L is to the right of K.
3 O is sitting in the right direction of N.
4 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
5 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
2 G is over there with Z above.
3 W is over there with N below.
4 J is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
5 T is on the lower right of D.
6 W is positioned above T.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	below	1
1 Y is to the top right of D.
2 V is positioned above T and to the right.
3 T and Z are parallel, and T is on top of Z.
4 I is on the upper right of G.
5 Y is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	above	1
1 I is over there and G is at the bottom of it.
2 G is positioned below and to the right of V.
3 G is below U at 4 o'clock.
4 C is above F.
5 The object T is positioned directly below the object V.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there and K is on the right.
2 G is sitting in the left direction of I.
3 I is directly north east of T.
4 G is positioned up and to the right of Y.
5 F is to the top-left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 V presents right to C.
3 D is to the top-right of O.
4 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
5 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	right	1
1 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
2 D is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Y is to the left of A.
4 J is above B with a small gap between them.
5 The object I is positioned directly below the object F.
6 I is sitting at the upper right position to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
2 A and L are parallel, and A on the right of L.
3 L and B are parallel, and L is to the right of B.
4 Q is to the right of L horizontally.
5 O and I are side by side with O to the right and I to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 P is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
2 A is over F.
3 V is on the lower left of O.
4 N and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and N on the top.
5 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
6 P and F are next to each other with F on the right and P on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
2 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
3 J and Q are parallel, and J is under Q.
4 Z is at the bottom of R.
5 J and S are parallel, and J is to the left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	left	1
1 G is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
2 Q is below N and to the left of N.
3 I is directly north west of B.
4 Q and B are vertical and Q is above B.
5 J is directly below L.
6 W is positioned above I and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 J is on the lower right of V.
3 A is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 J is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 A is on top of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 O and X are horizontal and O is to the left of X.
2 The objects M and B are over there. The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 I and D are vertical and I is above D.
4 U is on top of O.
5 X is over there and M is directly below it.
6 N is north east of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of F.
2 Z is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 X is on the left side of and below E.
4 H is positioned above X and to the right.
5 K and C are in a vertical line with K on top.
6 C is to the bottom left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 H and D are parallel, and D is below H.
2 D is over there and C is on the left.
3 E is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
4 Y is to the left of Q.
5 O is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	below	1
1 Object P is below object X and to the right of it, too.
2 R is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 R is to the left of P.
4 If V is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
5 Q is to the top of P vertically.
6 Y is placed at the upper left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	left	1
1 G and R are both there with the object R below the object G.
2 Q is above and to the left of K.
3 N is placed at the upper right of T.
4 W and K are next to each other with K on the right and W on the left.
5 G is on the upper right of Q.
6 K and O are parallel, and O is below K.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	below	1
1 L is below K at 7 o'clock.
2 If U is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
3 Z and Y are side by side with Z on the top and Y at the bottom.
4 P is to the top of L vertically.
5 Y is positioned below S and to the right.
6 Y is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 S is below J and to the left of J.
2 X is positioned left to M.
3 X is positioned above O and to the right.
4 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
5 X is on the left side of and below T.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 A is positioned above O and to the left.
2 E is above and to the right of T.
3 T and U are horizontal and T is to the right of U.
4 U is positioned right to A.
5 W is over there and J is directly above it.
6 A is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 O is above N at 10 o'clock.
2 E and Z are parallel, and E is under Z.
3 S is over there and N is on the left of it.
4 D is over there and S is directly below it.
5 D and E are parallel, and D is under E.
6 R presents over X.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	above	1
1 U is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 T is below M at 7 o'clock.
3 Y is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
4 R is positioned in the top left corner of U.
5 M is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 C is to the bottom left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned left to H.
2 S is on the right and N is on the left.
3 C is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 N and Z are parallel, and N on the left of Z.
5 N is diagonally above K to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	below	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 C is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 N presents upper right to B.
4 H is on the right and P is on the left.
5 P is above D with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	right	1
1 The object M and H are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 Q is to the top-right of W.
3 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
4 X is positioned down and to the left of H.
5 B is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
6 H is on the left side and above B.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 J presents below G.
2 E is positioned below Y and to the left.
3 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 P presents lower left to O.
5 A is to the top right of O.
6 A is to the bottom right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The objects C and B are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 M is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 J is placed in the left direction of M.
4 N is to the right of O horizontally.
5 P is on the top side to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	left	1
1 S and X are parallel, and S is over X.
2 Y is over there and E is on the right.
3 S is placed at the upper left of V.
4 H is lower left to I.
5 I is below X.
6 Z and H are horizontal and Z is to the left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 U and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
2 The objects S and W are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
3 W is over there and E is on the right of it.
4 W is over there and Y is on the right of it.
5 E is south west of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the lower left of F.
2 W is placed at the bottom of G.
3 W is positioned down and to the left of O.
4 G is below F and to the right of F.
5 C and N are horizontal and C is to the right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 J is on the left side to R.
2 E is sitting at the upper left position to V.
3 A and D are side by side with A to the left and D to the right.
4 U is on the left and A is on the right.
5 U is on the top and V is at the bottom.
6 U is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	left	1
1 X and B are parallel, and X is over B.
2 B and A are vertical and B is below A.
3 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
4 X is sitting at the lower position to V.
5 R is positioned up and to the right of P.
6 L and B are in a vertical line with L on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 V and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
2 T and Y are parallel, and T on the right of Y.
3 V is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
4 G is at A's 12 o'clock.
5 G is on top of U.
6 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
2 Y and N are horizontal and Y is to the right of N.
3 If O is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
4 X is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
5 B is below and to the left of W.
6 N and X are next to each other with N on the left and X on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	right	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
2 C is sitting at the top position to N.
3 D is positioned in the lower right corner of X.
4 U is to the top right of D.
5 P is on the upper right of I.
6 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	left	1
1 G is south east of W.
2 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
3 Z is at C’s 9 o'clock.
4 C is to the left of G horizontally.
5 M is to the right of N horizontally.
6 The objects C and B are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned down and to the left of Q.
2 G is at E's 3 o'clock.
3 U is diagonally left and below E.
4 Object P is below object D and to the left of it, too.
5 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	right	1
1 A is on the left side to S.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
3 E is to the top right of K.
4 V is south east of K.
5 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 W is upper left of Y.
2 R is to the top right of V.
3 G is diagonally to the upper left of N.
4 K is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
5 U is above Y.
6 R and K are both there with the object R is to the right of object K.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 O is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
3 The object I and V are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object V.
4 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
5 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of A.
6 O is to the right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
2 P is below and to the right of I.
3 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
4 M is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper righthand corner.
5 E is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
6 T is sitting at the lower right position to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper right of S.
2 N is over there and P is on the top of it.
3 L and N are parallel, and L is on top of N.
4 Z is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 N and A are side by side with N to the right and A to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	left	1
1 O is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 N is on the right side and top of L.
3 N is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
4 W is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 If E is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the top position to S.
2 S is above T and to the right of T.
3 K is diagonally right and above T.
4 X presents lower left to T.
5 U is directly below M.
6 Y is placed at the bottom of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is directly north west of A.
2 I is on the lower right of R.
3 X is below R and to the right of R.
4 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
5 A is diagonally to the upper left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 O is at Y's 6 o'clock.
2 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object X.
3 The object K is positioned directly below the object Z.
4 X is to the bottom right of L.
5 Object M is above object L and to the left of it, too.
6 L is to the bottom-right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	above	1
1 K is to the right of Z.
2 Z is sitting at the lower left position to R.
3 Z is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 E presents over K.
5 K is sitting in the left direction of H.
6 N is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 D is directly below V.
2 T is above and to the left of P.
3 N is on the right side and top of L.
4 P is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
5 Q is placed at the lower left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 N is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
3 B is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
4 B and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
5 Z is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 I and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
2 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
3 X is placed at the lower left of S.
4 C is on the top and I is at the bottom.
5 C is over H.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	right	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 P is above X with a small gap between them.
3 S is below and to the right of Y.
4 O and P are next to each other with O on the top and P at the bottom.
5 O is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 S is over there and A is on the left.
2 I is positioned in the front right corner of W.
3 W is positioned up and to the right of Y.
4 Object I is below object S and to the right of it, too.
5 U is placed at the bottom of W.
6 If G is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The objects H and E are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 L and D are parallel, and D is below L.
3 T presents lower right to E.
4 T is sitting at the upper right position to G.
5 T and A are parallel, and T is over A.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	left	1
1 S is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 W is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
3 W is positioned left to C.
4 R is directly above G.
5 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
6 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	below	1
1 K is positioned above A and to the right.
2 The object U is positioned directly below the object H.
3 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
4 F is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 F is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned below M.
2 Z is above F at 2 o'clock.
3 Z is positioned up and to the right of P.
4 X and I are both there with the object X is to the left of object I.
5 Z is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 A and V are in a vertical line with V below A.
2 C and V are horizontal and C is to the right of V.
3 C is positioned down and to the left of N.
4 K and S are next to each other with K on the left and S on the right.
5 F is placed in the left direction of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 B is over there and M is on the left.
2 K is to the left of G horizontally.
3 If G is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
4 K is diagonally to the upper left of V.
5 B and V are both there with the object B above the object V.
6 P is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 J and M are parallel, and J is to the left of M.
2 L is south east of K.
3 L is at the lower side of J.
4 J is over there with C below.
5 Object J is below object H and to the right of it, too.
6 B is to the top of I vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 A is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
2 Y is on the lower left of F.
3 Object L is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
4 K is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 C is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	right	1
1 H is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 Q is below X with a small gap between them.
3 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
4 If Z is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
5 S is on the right side to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 F is above K and to the right of K.
2 T is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
3 T is positioned above J and to the right.
4 The object O is positioned directly above the object E.
5 K is positioned below and to the right of C.
6 F is above Z at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V and C are side by side with V to the right and C to the left.
2 C is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
4 J is positioned up and to the right of P.
5 U is directly south west of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	right	1
1 X is on the right side to B.
2 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of J.
3 T is sitting at the lower left position to C.
4 S presents lower right to R.
5 S is to the bottom-left of C.
6 J is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 S is above D and to the right of D.
3 D is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
4 I is below C.
5 D is to the right of P horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 O and W are both there with the object O above the object W.
2 The objects Q and M are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 Q is diagonally left and below C.
4 J is diagonally to the upper left of H.
5 The object G and H are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
6 J is to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
2 P is positioned down and to the left of Z.
3 W is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
4 G and Y are parallel, and G is on top of Y.
5 I is to the left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper right of G.
2 I and R are parallel, and I on the left of R.
3 M is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 F is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
5 Y is at the bottom and F is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 T is above and to the right of G.
3 T is to the bottom-left of S.
4 J is at the bottom of B.
5 E is under Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 H is below and to the right of M.
2 A presents upper right to O.
3 Z is at the lower side of E.
4 M is positioned above K and to the right.
5 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
6 M and E are both there with the object E below the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 C is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 V presents over U.
3 S is on the left side of and below V.
4 T is over there and M is on the left of it.
5 I is positioned up and to the right of C.
6 I is at V's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	left	1
1 F presents upper right to E.
2 E is placed at the upper left of D.
3 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
4 N is over there and I is on the left of it.
5 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
6 W is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the top-right of B.
2 S is sitting at the upper right position to G.
3 E and Y are in a vertical line with E on top.
4 D is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 D is sitting in the right direction of G.
6 S is positioned below P and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	above	1
1 D is at the bottom and G is on the top.
2 V and X are parallel, and V is under X.
3 F is to the bottom-left of B.
4 G presents below T.
5 D is on the right and F is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 H and I are side by side with I at the bottom and H on the top.
2 O is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
3 I presents right to A.
4 I is over there and P is on the right.
5 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object O.
6 Z is at the bottom of R vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	above	1
1 F is above and to the right of G.
2 N is to the upper left of J.
3 If K is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
4 G is north west of A.
5 T is positioned right to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Y is above I at 10 o'clock.
2 W presents upper right to K.
3 S is on the lower right of D.
4 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
5 A is positioned above Y and to the right.
6 G is positioned right to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the lower left of B.
2 T is sitting in the left direction of F.
3 V is over there with G above.
4 G is sitting at the lower right position to W.
5 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 P is south west of B.
2 K is over there and S is on the right of it.
3 B is on the left side of and below Z.
4 T is directly south east of J.
5 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	left	1
1 T is to the top of A vertically.
2 C is positioned above H and to the left.
3 D is on the top side to C.
4 I is positioned below A and to the left.
5 H is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 P is over there and B is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the right side and below N.
2 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
3 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
4 E is at the bottom and D is on the top.
5 W is on the left side and above E.
6 X is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	below	1
1 C is diagonally left and above C.
2 J is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Y is above and to the left of N.
4 The object L is positioned directly above the object N.
5 Y is positioned up and to the right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	left	1
1 S is over there with G above.
2 I is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
3 If N is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
4 G is to the left of N.
5 D presents lower right to N.
6 D is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 D is sitting in the right direction of G.
2 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
3 I and A are side by side with I to the right and A to the left.
4 B is to the top right of D.
5 X is over D.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	left	1
1 L is on the upper right of G.
2 B and G are side by side with B to the right and G to the left.
3 C and N are both there with the object C is to the right of object N.
4 A and G are parallel, and A on the right of G.
5 W is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
6 B is positioned above U.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 W is directly below O.
3 E is upper left of V.
4 E is to the bottom-right of W.
5 L and W are both there with the object W below the object L.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Q is above and to the right of B.
2 F presents lower left to M.
3 X is placed at the lower left of Q.
4 X is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
5 K is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 T presents right to V.
3 The objects H and V are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
4 T is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 U is positioned down and to the left of O.
6 Z is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is directly north west of Z.
2 A is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 A is above B.
4 L is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 G presents lower left to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P is below L and to the left of L.
2 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
3 P is above E with a small gap between them.
4 H is positioned below F and to the left.
5 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
6 The object B and A are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally left and below O.
2 R is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
3 H is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 Q is upper left of J.
5 N is placed at the bottom of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
2 D is diagonally left and below O.
3 Z is to the left of M.
4 M and X are in a vertical line with X below M.
5 J is directly north east of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 P is over A.
2 Q is above and to the left of K.
3 Q is over there and U is on the right of it.
4 A is below U at 7 o'clock.
5 Y is at the bottom of A.
6 Z is positioned below V and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned below and to the right of D.
2 X is positioned below L.
3 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
4 J and L are next to each other with L on the right and J on the left.
5 S is above Q with a small gap between them.
6 W is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	above	1
1 I is to the bottom-left of B.
2 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 B is to the right of S.
4 K and B are horizontal and K is to the right of B.
5 K is at the bottom of E vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned left to R.
2 K is over there with H above.
3 H is positioned below and to the right of R.
4 R is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
5 K is north west of Q.
6 L is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 P is over there and C is on the top of it.
3 Q is placed at the upper left of U.
4 F is diagonally right and below G.
5 V and A are side by side with A at the bottom and V on the top.
6 G is on the left side and above U.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object J and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 N is on the left side of and below F.
3 F is above Y with a small gap between them.
4 E and V are vertical and E is above V.
5 F is diagonally right and above E.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 S and A are next to each other with A at the bottom S on the top.
2 Y is positioned down and to the left of L.
3 D is directly north west of N.
4 A is directly north west of Z.
5 Y is below A and to the left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the top right of C.
2 D is positioned above and to the left of Y.
3 E and R are parallel, and E is over R.
4 K is directly above E.
5 T is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
6 C is over there and R is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	above	1
1 F is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 W is on the right side to I.
3 I presents lower right to O.
4 V is on the lower left of E.
5 B is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 J is placed in the left direction of X.
2 X is at T’s 9 o'clock.
3 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
4 J is above K at 10 o'clock.
5 Q is positioned below Z and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	left	1
1 I is sitting at the top position to X.
2 Z is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 V and N are side by side with V to the right and N to the left.
4 N is north east of D.
5 V is over there and M is on the left.
6 V is placed in the left direction of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Y and H are in a vertical line with Y on top.
2 Y is directly north west of F.
3 A is above and to the left of C.
4 Object Y is below object G and to the right of it, too.
5 O is on the right and H is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	left	1
1 G is on the left and P is on the right.
2 Object N is above object V and to the left of it, too.
3 Object B is above object V and to the left of it, too.
4 L is diagonally right and below N.
5 V and I are side by side with I at the bottom and V on the top.
6 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	above	1
1 R is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
2 T is diagonally right and above R.
3 N is to the left of J horizontally.
4 R is to the upper left of E.
5 Z is sitting at the top position to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Q is above and to the left of D.
2 Z and F are in a vertical line with Z on top.
3 O and I are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
4 Q is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
6 V is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 B and K are side by side with B to the left and K to the right.
3 J is above and to the left of I.
4 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
5 R is positioned up and to the right of J.
6 H and R are side by side with R at the bottom and H on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	below	1
1 O is on the right side to V.
2 M is sitting in the right direction of P.
3 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
4 V is to the bottom left of C.
5 T is sitting at the top position to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 O is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
4 V is to the upper left of U.
5 M is diagonally to the upper right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	above	1
1 H and M are parallel, and H is over M.
2 P is positioned above Z and to the left.
3 P is under H.
4 W is diagonally left and below E.
5 M and J are side by side with M to the left and J to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 H and V are both there with the object H is to the right of object V.
2 B is directly below H.
3 S is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
4 R is on the upper right of V.
5 The object R is positioned directly below the object O.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	below	1
1 E is to the top right of P.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
3 R is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 A and P are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
5 Z is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 T and H are parallel, and T is to the left of H.
2 E is on the top side to D.
3 L is above and to the right of J.
4 D is to the top right of L.
5 P is sitting at the upper left position to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 S and Q are both there with the object S is to the left of object Q.
2 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
3 Z is south east of J.
4 M is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 V is positioned above O.
6 Q is placed at the bottom of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	right	1
1 N and Z are parallel, and N on the left of Z.
2 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
3 L is sitting in the left direction of X.
4 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
5 S is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	right	1
1 J is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 T is on the left side of and below U.
3 A and U are both there with the object A is to the right of object U.
4 U is positioned below and to the right of M.
5 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object O.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	right	1
1 N is directly below Z.
2 G is to the bottom right of D.
3 Z is diagonally to the upper right of F.
4 G is below J at 7 o'clock.
5 K and E are next to each other with E at the bottom K on the top.
6 D is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 D is north west of J.
2 Q is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 K is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 V and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
5 The object D and Q are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned above E and to the right.
2 S is sitting at the upper right position to U.
3 P is on the upper right of R.
4 P is above U with a small gap between them.
5 V is below and to the right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	left	1
1 X is over there with K above.
2 X is on the upper right of O.
3 S is upper left of K.
4 The object E is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
5 Object G is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
2 E is positioned below and to the right of K.
3 The objects S and W are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
4 S is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 S is to the top right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object X.
2 P is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 X presents upper right to L.
4 J is over there and W is on the right of it.
5 L is positioned down and to the left of Y.
6 M is placed at the lower left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M is placed at the upper right of G.
2 L is diagonally left and below M.
3 I is below M at 7 o'clock.
4 M and U are parallel, and M is under U.
5 E and V are parallel, and E is to the right of V.
6 L and H are parallel, and L is under H.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	below	1
1 G is positioned right to R.
2 R and M are vertical and R is above M.
3 Object R is above object P and to the left of it, too.
4 B and Q are both there with the object Q below the object B.
5 If Y is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
2 C is positioned above P.
3 N is on the right side and below M.
4 M is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 I is at the bottom and M is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 O and X are parallel, and O on the left of X.
3 B is at the bottom of N.
4 Object U is below object H and to the left of it, too.
5 Z is over there and X is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 D is on top of B.
2 B is on the lower right of T.
3 F is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
4 U is over there and J is on the right.
5 W is on the right side and top of T.
6 E is placed at the bottom of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	left	1
1 The objects W and P are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 C and T are side by side with C to the left and T to the right.
4 If A is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
5 Z presents upper right to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the right of Y horizontally.
2 Y is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 N is on the right and M is on the left.
4 G is below E at 7 o'clock.
5 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	left	1
1 A is upper right to D.
2 The object X is positioned directly below the object D.
3 U is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
4 Y is above B at 10 o'clock.
5 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The object B and G are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 H is below N and to the right of N.
4 N and J are both there with the object N is to the left of object J.
5 X is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the top right of H.
2 D and L are side by side with D on the top and L at the bottom.
3 L is placed at the lower left of Z.
4 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
5 G is at T’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 U and D are vertical and U is below D.
2 Z and E are parallel, and Z on the left of E.
3 O is diagonally to the upper right of P.
4 H is positioned below P.
5 O is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 T is over there and M is directly below it.
2 Q is over there and K is on the top of it.
3 E is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 J is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Object K is below object X and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 U is placed at the upper left of E.
2 F is on the left side to I.
3 G is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 M is over there with G below.
5 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
6 F is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	above	1
1 U is to the right of Z.
2 U is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
3 L presents upper right to N.
4 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
5 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
6 A is over there with H below.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
2 T is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 C is to the bottom-left of Y.
4 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
5 Y is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 F is north east of Q.
2 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
3 Object I is below object E and to the left of it, too.
4 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
5 A is positioned in the top left corner of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 C is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 F is sitting at the upper right position to U.
3 W is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
4 Object U is below object O and to the right of it, too.
5 The object T and O are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
6 B is over there and W is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	below	1
1 N is at the lower side of Z.
2 The object M and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 S is over there and M is directly below it.
4 A and N are parallel, and N is below A.
5 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
2 Y is over there and O is on the left of it.
3 G is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 P is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
5 H is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 L and Z are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
2 Q is positioned above P.
3 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
4 P is over S.
5 G is to the top-left of Q.
6 S and L are side by side with S to the left and L to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is positioned directly below the object R.
2 I is above N.
3 P presents lower right to J.
4 P is upper left of R.
5 F is sitting at the top position to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
2 E is above F and to the left of F.
3 H is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 C is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
5 Object G is below object R and to the right of it, too.
6 P is under G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 T is over there and Z is on the right.
2 I is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
3 B and I are side by side with B to the right and I to the left.
4 L is sitting in the right direction of I.
5 F is over there and L is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	right	1
1 J is on the left side to X.
2 Z presents right to S.
3 C is to the left of O horizontally.
4 Z and C are parallel, and C is below Z.
5 K is at the bottom of O vertically.
6 I presents lower left to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 J is below H.
3 V is on the left and T is on the right.
4 If C is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
5 F is on the left side and above V.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 G is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 M is to the right of E.
3 N is sitting at the upper left position to E.
4 N is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
5 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 T is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
2 Z is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 P is diagonally right and above O.
4 The objects N and G are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
5 O is to the right of G horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 P is below R.
2 Z is positioned above A.
3 R is diagonally to the upper right of B.
4 L is at U's 12 o'clock.
5 Z is positioned above R.
6 J and Z are parallel, and J is to the left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	below	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
2 O is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 L presents lower right to O.
4 O is above and to the left of V.
5 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
6 P is lower right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 S and G are in a vertical line with S on top.
2 S is on the left side of and below C.
3 C is diagonally left and above C.
4 D and V are side by side with D to the right and V to the left.
5 P and I are parallel, and P is to the left of I.
6 G and F are in a vertical line with F below G.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 S is below and to the left of R.
2 F is placed at the lower left of B.
3 Object L is below object O and to the left of it, too.
4 D is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 The object S is positioned above and to the left of object D.
6 L presents right to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the top side to L.
2 B is over there and O is on the left.
3 L and A are parallel, and L on the left of A.
4 E is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
5 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 E is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
2 N is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
3 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
4 E is below N at 4 o'clock.
5 F is above N with a small gap between them.
6 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	right	1
1 K is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 U is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
3 B is below and to the right of K.
4 The object U and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object U.
5 If X is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
6 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there and C is on the right.
2 H is diagonally to the upper left of V.
3 V is above P with a small gap between them.
4 L is positioned down and to the left of T.
5 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	right	1
1 J presents below W.
2 E and S are parallel, and E is to the right of S.
3 W and Y are both there with the object Y below the object W.
4 M is positioned in the front right corner of W.
5 Z is directly above Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 B is on top of J.
2 M is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face M.
3 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
4 I and M are vertical and I is above M.
5 M is placed at the upper left of J.
6 S is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting in the right direction of B.
2 W is positioned below and to the right of Y.
3 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object D.
4 W is positioned above D and to the left.
5 C is to the right of J.
6 O is positioned above and to the left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 N is over there and W is directly below it.
2 V is sitting at the lower position to J.
3 C is over there and M is at the bottom of it.
4 M is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
5 V and Q are parallel, and V is to the left of Q.
6 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	above	1
1 S is lower right of Y.
2 S is below F at 7 o'clock.
3 R is on the lower left of I.
4 B is over H.
5 H is positioned below Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Z is under P.
2 The object W is positioned directly below the object Z.
3 N is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 Y is positioned below and to the right of N.
5 J and S are parallel, and J is under S.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object T and L are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 D is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
3 V is diagonally right and above H.
4 M is diagonally to the upper left of K.
5 H is to the right of M horizontally.
6 N is above and to the right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Object U is above object C and to the left of it, too.
2 D is over there with K below.
3 E is placed on the top of Y.
4 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
5 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
6 M is positioned above E and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 R and B are next to each other with R on the left and B on the right.
3 N and O are both there with the object O below the object N.
4 N is placed at the bottom of F.
5 O presents lower left to R.
6 A is sitting at the upper right position to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
2 N and P are next to each other with N on the top and P at the bottom.
3 L and A are horizontal and L is to the left of A.
4 E is positioned right to P.
5 Q presents left to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 R is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 Q is on the lower left of S.
3 S is below X with a small gap between them.
4 The object B is positioned directly below the object X.
5 N is lower left to F.
6 J is positioned below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	above	1
1 C is to the left of D horizontally.
2 L is below A at 4 o'clock.
3 C is directly south east of Y.
4 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
5 D is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
6 B and K are next to each other with K at the bottom B on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	right	1
1 N presents left to U.
2 M and V are both there with the object M is to the left of object V.
3 P is directly south west of L.
4 R is over there and U is on the left of it.
5 N is on the lower left of Q.
6 N is positioned in the front right corner of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	below	1
1 V is diagonally right and below I.
2 E is below P.
3 O is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
4 Object S is above object M and to the left of it, too.
5 G is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	above	1
1 O is upper right to V.
2 J presents left to X.
3 V is on the right and R is on the left.
4 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
5 Y and V are both there with the object V below the object Y.
6 O is positioned below M and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Q is above J at 10 o'clock.
2 H presents below J.
3 T is placed at the bottom of L.
4 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object C.
5 J is on the upper right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	below	1
1 The objects Z and T are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 O and A are horizontal and O is to the left of A.
3 H is over there and T is on the left.
4 Y is over there with S above.
5 G is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 H is to the right of A horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 S and E are side by side with S to the right and E to the left.
2 D is positioned left to G.
3 B is below D at 4 o'clock.
4 S and D are parallel, and S on the right of D.
5 D is positioned above O and to the right.
6 A and Q are side by side with A to the left and Q to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 J is below V and to the left of V.
2 S is under C.
3 V and S are side by side with V on the top and S at the bottom.
4 N is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
5 H is to the upper left of T.
6 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
2 B is sitting at the top position to S.
3 H is on the upper right of B.
4 N is positioned left to T.
5 R and B are parallel, and R is over B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 X is to the right of M horizontally.
3 I is placed on the top of M.
4 H and J are side by side with H on the top and J at the bottom.
5 O and A are parallel, and O is to the right of A.
6 C is to the top right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is positioned directly above the object M.
2 C is placed on the top of Q.
3 X is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 P is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 C is over there and U is on the right of it.
6 Q is positioned in the front right corner of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
2 Q is to the right of Y horizontally.
3 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
4 X is sitting in the right direction of I.
5 R is placed in the right direction of B.
6 K is to the right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	below	1
1 I and M are both there with the object I is to the left of object M.
2 A is above C at 10 o'clock.
3 Y is directly below H.
4 A is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 I is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the right of U horizontally.
2 B is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
3 G and M are parallel, and G on the left of M.
4 R is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 Y is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
2 I is at Z's 6 o'clock.
3 I is directly north west of V.
4 V is to the left of E with a small gap between them.
5 U is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
6 V is to the top of C vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
2 J is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 A is upper left of Q.
4 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
5 Q and V are next to each other with V at the bottom Q on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 F is over there and L is directly above it.
2 H and G are both there with the object H above the object G.
3 O is on the left side and above G.
4 J is positioned above O and to the right.
5 D is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
6 O is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 W and D are next to each other with D at the bottom W on the top.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
3 V is north west of D.
4 S is to the upper left of H.
5 U is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
6 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
3 K is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
4 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
5 F presents lower left to W.
6 K is positioned right to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 W is above M at 2 o'clock.
2 Object W is below object S and to the right of it, too.
3 F is upper right to P.
4 D is diagonally left and above D.
5 H is placed at the bottom of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 P presents lower right to A.
3 K is directly below A.
4 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
5 Y is to the bottom right of M.
6 R is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	right	1
1 The objects X and R are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 X presents over W.
3 X and V are next to each other with V on the right and X on the left.
4 M is placed in the right direction of I.
5 S is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	below	1
1 W is below and to the right of N.
2 V is to the top right of H.
3 W is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
4 V is diagonally to the bottom right of N.
5 T is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 The object B is positioned directly below the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 D is above and to the left of C.
2 Y is over there with O above.
3 I and P are side by side with P at the bottom and I on the top.
4 D and P are both there with the object P below the object D.
5 P is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 R and W are parallel, and W is below R.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	above	1
1 M is over there and Q is on the left.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 R is diagonally right and below E.
4 R is to the top of A vertically.
5 Object F is above object E and to the left of it, too.
6 M is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object B and C are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 D is diagonally left and above D.
3 C is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 M is sitting in the left direction of R.
5 U and R are horizontal and U is to the left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 J is positioned right to T.
2 J is sitting at the upper right position to H.
3 J is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 Y is above R at 10 o'clock.
5 I is directly north west of V.
6 X is north west of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of D.
2 B is south east of O.
3 The object K and R are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
4 J is below and to the right of K.
5 K and X are next to each other with K on the top and X at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 L is to the right of Z.
2 Z is at E's 6 o'clock.
3 W is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 Z is positioned below and to the right of W.
5 Y is diagonally to the bottom right of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there with G above.
2 The objects U and D are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
3 D and C are parallel, and D is over C.
4 U is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
5 Object A is below object J and to the left of it, too.
6 R is below Z at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 A is sitting at the lower position to I.
3 J is on the top side to I.
4 A is positioned below R.
5 I is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
6 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 N is at the bottom of F.
2 K is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
3 J and B are both there with the object B below the object J.
4 F presents lower left to B.
5 S is directly north east of U.
6 F is over there with E below.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the top-left of E.
2 C is at the bottom of M.
3 L is sitting in the right direction of M.
4 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
5 E is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
2 C is there and O is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 O is to the upper left of R.
4 O is below K and to the right of K.
5 The object K is positioned directly above the object G.
6 W is diagonally left and below Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
2 T is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
3 Q is over there and T is on the right.
4 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
5 Y is sitting at the lower right position to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 Q is on the top and F is at the bottom.
2 Q is placed at the upper right of J.
3 Object F is above object K and to the left of it, too.
4 C and E are both there with the object C is to the left of object E.
5 T is to the upper left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	right	1
1 X is to the top of C vertically.
2 J is sitting in the left direction of R.
3 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
4 X is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
5 O is below and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 I is at the bottom of H.
3 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
4 S is above X with a small gap between them.
5 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
6 B is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 G and C are side by side with G on the top and C at the bottom.
2 C is at the bottom of I vertically.
3 I is to the bottom-right of E.
4 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
5 I is over there with N below.
6 H is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	left	1
1 K presents left to O.
2 V is sitting at the upper right position to E.
3 I and Y are in a vertical line with Y below I.
4 E is directly south west of Y.
5 D is lower right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of N.
2 E is on the right and P is on the left.
3 N is below and to the right of P.
4 C is to the bottom-left of K.
5 O is positioned left to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 U presents over F.
2 Y is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
3 F is over there with X above.
4 M is under U.
5 S is directly north west of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	above	1
1 Object L is below object G and to the right of it, too.
2 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
3 G is below J.
4 X is above L at 10 o'clock.
5 L is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
6 J is below B at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 P is positioned above I.
3 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
4 Z is to the bottom-right of N.
5 Q is to the right of A.
6 Q presents left to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	below	1
1 U is placed at the upper left of B.
2 U is placed on the top of Y.
3 P is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
4 Y is sitting in the left direction of Q.
5 U and V are vertical and U is below V.
6 Object X is below object C and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 H presents left to B.
2 C is sitting at the upper right position to A.
3 W and A are vertical and W is above A.
4 X is over there and Y is directly above it.
5 H is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 D is below X at 7 o'clock.
2 B is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
3 F is lower left to D.
4 A is positioned up and to the right of M.
5 W is sitting at the upper right position to B.
6 B is above F with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	below	1
1 B and Y are next to each other with B on the left and Y on the right.
2 J is below and to the right of Y.
3 The object D and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
4 The object K and B are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
5 I is there and K is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 R is below F at 7 o'clock.
2 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 M is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 Q is below H and to the right of H.
5 R is on the same vertical plane directly above H.
6 The object B is positioned directly above the object F.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 C and X are parallel, and C is under X.
2 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 J is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
4 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
5 If C is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
6 S is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
3 S is to the top-right of Y.
4 L is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
5 H is placed at the bottom of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
2 R is sitting at the lower position to Y.
3 H and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
4 T is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
5 Y is diagonally to the upper right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 T presents upper right to P.
2 M is on the top and X is at the bottom.
3 A is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 W is to the top-left of J.
5 T is positioned right to O.
6 W is at T's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object I and D are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 A and B are next to each other with A on the top and B at the bottom.
3 R is over there and J is on the left.
4 J is over there and B is on the right.
5 Y is over there and A is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	below	1
1 V is directly south west of L.
2 U and V are next to each other with V on the right and U on the left.
3 V and C are horizontal and V is to the left of C.
4 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
5 D is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 C is to the left of K horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	left	1
1 M is on the upper right of G.
2 N and B are in a vertical line with B below N.
3 E is below and to the left of B.
4 D and U are in a vertical line with U below D.
5 N is on the right and D is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 W and M are next to each other with W on the left and M on the right.
2 C is on the right and U is on the left.
3 U is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
4 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
5 K is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
6 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Z is directly north west of M.
2 E is above Z at 2 o'clock.
3 O is to the bottom left of E.
4 K is sitting at the lower left position to L.
5 H is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 K is on the top side to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	below	1
1 E is on the right and V is on the left.
2 J is directly south east of E.
3 The objects I and V are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
4 E is at Y's 6 o'clock.
5 J is sitting in the left direction of G.
6 Z and U are next to each other with Z on the top and U at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 Object M is above object S and to the left of it, too.
3 E is on top of C.
4 H is positioned below and to the right of R.
5 S is at the lower side of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the top-left of T.
2 D is diagonally below U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
4 T is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 If N is the center of a clock face, U is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned down and to the left of J.
2 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
3 H and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
4 J is on the upper right of I.
5 H is positioned above and to the left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	right	1
1 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
2 W presents lower left to O.
3 M is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 O is south east of E.
5 K is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
6 K is over H.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is below object W and to the right of it, too.
2 R is at the bottom of H vertically.
3 M is upper right to L.
4 I is on the top side to H.
5 W is directly north west of S.
6 W is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 K presents lower right to U.
2 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
3 F is positioned right to D.
4 F is below Y at 7 o'clock.
5 W and D are in a vertical line with W on top.
6 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 M is above T and to the left of T.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower righthand corner.
3 A is sitting at the top position to T.
4 L is positioned below I and to the left.
5 R is placed at the lower left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 D is placed at the lower right of J.
2 L is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 J is below V and to the left of V.
4 M is over there and A is on the left.
5 P is upper right to D.
6 J is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
2 D is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
3 B is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
4 E and L are in a vertical line with L below E.
5 O is placed at the upper left of D.
6 U is placed at the lower right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	right	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 K is placed at the lower left of X.
3 I is over there and D is on the right.
4 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
5 U and T are next to each other with U on the left and T on the right.
6 S is to the top right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 K presents over V.
2 K is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 V is to the right of N horizontally.
4 G presents lower left to O.
5 Y is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 P presents right to I.
2 I is to the bottom right of T.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, D is located between 2 and 3.
4 Z is over there and Q is on the left.
5 I is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
6 Q and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper left of T.
2 T and H are side by side with T on the top and H at the bottom.
3 W and H are parallel, and W is to the left of H.
4 H is placed at the upper left of A.
5 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	left	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to Q.
2 W is below T with a small gap between them.
3 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
4 Y is above H at 10 o'clock.
5 P is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
6 P is sitting in the right direction of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
2 W and X are vertical and W is above X.
3 C is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 W is to the top of R vertically.
5 The objects R and J are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 V is positioned above E.
2 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 J is placed in the left direction of S.
4 H is below P at 4 o'clock.
5 E presents upper left to N.
6 V is at R’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	left	1
1 Z and D are parallel, and Z on the left of D.
2 K is positioned in the lower right corner of D.
3 G and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
4 J is at the bottom of K and is on the same vertical plane.
5 R is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 X and A are both there with the object X is to the right of object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the left of M with a small gap between them.
2 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
3 V is on the right side to L.
4 O is below and to the right of S.
5 Z is on the lower left of U.
6 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 B and F are next to each other with B on the left and F on the right.
2 D is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
3 S presents over B.
4 F is over there with N above.
5 E is on the left side of and below I.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	below	1
1 Q is at L's 12 o'clock.
2 X is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 X and F are side by side with X to the right and F to the left.
4 E is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 B is north east of R.
6 T is at X's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 C is placed in the right direction of P.
2 P is on the lower left of Q.
3 Z presents right to H.
4 Y and T are both there with the object T below the object Y.
5 Q is on the lower left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 S is south west of T.
2 N is above and to the left of G.
3 X is over there and D is on the top of it.
4 D is to the top-right of G.
5 C and M are both there with the object M below the object C.
6 D is below T with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 B is directly below O.
2 J is upper left of K.
3 J is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 S is above and to the left of K.
5 S is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting at the lower left position to V.
2 D is over there and R is on the left.
3 D presents lower left to O.
4 The object H and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
5 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	left	1
1 E is over there with Q above.
2 K is on the left side to Q.
3 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
4 K is on the right and B is on the left.
5 F is placed at the lower right of V.
6 F is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	above	1
1 B is at the bottom of I.
2 P and U are both there with the object P is to the left of object U.
3 G and T are parallel, and G on the left of T.
4 G is sitting at the lower left position to U.
5 T is sitting in the right direction of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	below	1
1 N is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 X is sitting at the top position to Z.
3 N is below D with a small gap between them.
4 Object D is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
5 G is above K at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
2 A and L are side by side with A on the top and L at the bottom.
3 G is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
4 L is to the right of P.
5 O is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
6 B and L are in a vertical line with B on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 T is to the bottom-left of B.
2 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
3 H is placed on the top of Z.
4 P is positioned above L and to the left.
5 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 G is directly below Q.
2 E is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
3 G and D are side by side with G to the right and D to the left.
4 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
5 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
6 B and G are both there with the object B is to the right of object G.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	below	1
1 S is to the bottom left of G.
2 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
3 J is at the bottom and U is on the top.
4 X is placed in the left direction of J.
5 L is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D is below K.
2 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object M.
3 B and Z are parallel, and B on the right of Z.
4 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
5 D is above and to the right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 J is diagonally right and below C.
2 C and P are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
3 P is positioned above R and to the right.
4 R and I are parallel, and R on the left of I.
5 R is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
6 Z is at the bottom and L is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	below	1
1 F is sitting at the lower right position to J.
2 G is over there and D is on the left of it.
3 U is sitting at the lower right position to J.
4 F and B are next to each other with F on the left and B on the right.
5 Object J is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
6 Q is positioned below Z and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 A and D are parallel, and A on the left of D.
2 L is above D and to the left of D.
3 D is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
4 R is over there and E is directly below it.
5 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	left	1
1 K is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 V is on the lower left of X.
3 If K is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
4 Z is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 D is over there and M is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there and A is on the left of it.
2 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
3 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object J.
4 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
5 C is on the right and A is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 D and T are parallel, and D is under T.
2 F is to the bottom-right of R.
3 D is directly below Q.
4 B is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
5 P is at D’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 T is at R's 6 o'clock.
2 X and T are parallel, and X is to the right of T.
3 X is at the lower side of U.
4 E is below and to the left of R.
5 V is positioned in the front right corner of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	below	1
1 G is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
2 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 Z is on the top and J is at the bottom.
4 C and K are horizontal and C is to the left of K.
5 T is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the left and A is on the right.
2 S is directly below B.
3 O is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
4 P is to the right of H.
5 A is to the bottom right of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	above	1
1 O is over there and A is on the left.
2 A and T are both there with the object A is to the left of object T.
3 I is over there and O is directly above it.
4 P is to the bottom-left of O.
5 W is below P.
6 Object D is below object K and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	right	1
1 J is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 S is on the right side to M.
3 If S is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
4 E is over there and V is on the right of it.
5 F and B are parallel, and F on the left of B.
6 B and I are horizontal and B is to the right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	right	1
1 O and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
2 H is on top of O.
3 O is sitting at the top position to A.
4 Z is sitting at the lower position to T.
5 Object V is below object D and to the right of it, too.
6 T is on top of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 U and C are both there with the object U is to the left of object C.
2 Y is sitting at the upper left position to E.
3 X is over A.
4 K is directly south east of A.
5 K is to the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 X is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
2 F is on the left side and above V.
3 Y is to the right of N horizontally.
4 M is over there and E is on the right of it.
5 M is over there with U above.
6 Y is lower left to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 P is sitting at the lower left position to G.
3 X and E are vertical and X is above E.
4 P is sitting in the right direction of B.
5 C is above I at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 Y is below V and to the right of V.
3 Q is diagonally to the upper left of W.
4 U is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 Y is at L's 3 o'clock.
6 Y and G are parallel, and Y is under G.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	left	1
1 M and T are next to each other with T at the bottom M on the top.
2 Object O is above object H and to the left of it, too.
3 M is to the top of Y vertically.
4 M is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Q is placed at the upper right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the bottom right of Q.
2 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
3 Z is below L.
4 Q is to the top-right of Z.
5 L and W are both there with the object W below the object L.
6 Y is placed in the left direction of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 R is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Y is above R and to the left of R.
4 C and Z are parallel, and C is to the right of Z.
5 The object D is positioned directly above the object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 D and C are both there with the object D is to the left of object C.
2 H is to the bottom-left of R.
3 O is on the right side and below H.
4 G and H are parallel, and G is to the right of H.
5 F is sitting in the right direction of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 I presents lower left to N.
2 N is on the right side and below X.
3 Y is over there and V is on the left.
4 O and V are parallel, and O is over V.
5 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
6 O is directly south east of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	below	1
1 D presents left to C.
2 I and R are parallel, and I is on top of R.
3 I is placed in the left direction of H.
4 K is sitting in the right direction of H.
5 Object H is below object G and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 J is lower left to C.
2 T is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 J is over there with O below.
4 G is to the upper left of H.
5 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object O.
6 I and C are both there with the object I is to the left of object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
2 A is below and to the right of K.
3 P is under X.
4 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
5 J is positioned down and to the left of U.
6 J is below Y at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 F is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
2 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
3 F is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 M and L are side by side with M on the top and L at the bottom.
5 M is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 U is below and to the left of K.
2 J is directly south east of V.
3 U is to the top of J vertically.
4 U and I are both there with the object U is to the left of object I.
5 E and I are parallel, and E is on top of I.
6 F is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	below	1
1 F is on the top side to W.
2 R is above O and to the left of O.
3 L is to the upper left of O.
4 M is over G.
5 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
6 Object J is below object F and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	right	1
1 R is on the lower right of Z.
2 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
3 W and X are parallel, and W on the right of X.
4 O and W are next to each other with W on the right and O on the left.
5 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
2 Y and G are both there with the object Y is to the right of object G.
3 X is to the top of F vertically.
4 H is directly south east of Y.
5 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	left	1
1 R is on the right and T is on the left.
2 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object D.
3 S is positioned above and to the left of H.
4 B is positioned above and to the left of T.
5 B is below D.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 L is on the top and X is at the bottom.
3 X and Q are in a vertical line with X on top.
4 L is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
5 P is lower right of K.
6 W and J are both there with the object W is to the left of object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	right	1
1 D presents upper right to H.
2 Y is directly north east of M.
3 U is on the top and M is at the bottom.
4 P presents over Y.
5 I is sitting in the right direction of W.
6 I is placed at the upper left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 B is positioned in the front right corner of D.
3 Y is placed at the upper right of J.
4 S and U are both there with the object U below the object S.
5 P is at the bottom of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the upper right of D.
2 L is to the top-left of I.
3 I and E are parallel, and I is under E.
4 N is over there and Q is on the right.
5 Q is below L and to the left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 Q is north west of A.
3 X is over there and B is on the top of it.
4 I is positioned above K.
5 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 F and Z are side by side with F to the right and Z to the left.
2 Q and D are next to each other with Q on the top and D at the bottom.
3 A is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 G is on the left side and above F.
5 F is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	above	1
1 Object U is below object M and to the left of it, too.
2 M is at the lower side of A.
3 Object I is below object O and to the left of it, too.
4 The object N and H are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
5 A is at I's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the top side to P.
2 J is to the upper left of T.
3 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
4 Y is below N with a small gap between them.
5 P is on the upper right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 P is south east of W.
2 O is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 C is diagonally left and below B.
4 R and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and R on the left.
5 B is placed on the top of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 J is above B and to the right of B.
3 J is placed at the lower left of H.
4 I is positioned below M and to the left.
5 S is to the right of V horizontally.
6 S is diagonally right and below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	right	1
1 L is to the bottom-left of V.
2 B is placed at the lower left of V.
3 E is on the left side of and below B.
4 U is on the left and V is on the right.
5 V is above J with a small gap between them.
6 F and T are both there with the object F is to the left of object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the bottom of X vertically.
2 J and M are parallel, and J on the left of M.
3 If E is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
4 E is at the bottom of D.
5 O and Z are both there with the object O is to the left of object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	left	1
1 X is on the top and C is at the bottom.
2 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
4 Q is directly above X.
5 R is on the left side of and below Q.
6 Z and P are horizontal and Z is to the left of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 Z is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 U is directly below K.
3 F is placed on the top of Z.
4 K is below and to the right of H.
5 V is positioned in the front right corner of D.
6 K is at the bottom and X is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
2 J is positioned above I.
3 T is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 B is to the right of J.
5 C presents right to I.
6 I is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	left	1
1 D is above Y.
2 X presents lower left to Y.
3 V is positioned above Q and to the left.
4 D is at the bottom and E is on the top.
5 D is placed in the right direction of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 R is directly north east of T.
2 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
3 The object P is positioned directly above the object U.
4 P is diagonally to the upper right of R.
5 J is directly below Q.
6 M is on the right and U is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	below	1
1 X is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
2 H is on the lower right of K.
3 F is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 K is above and to the left of Z.
5 M is sitting at the lower right position to K.
6 P and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
2 A presents over M.
3 N is positioned below D and to the right.
4 X is over M.
5 N and X are next to each other with N on the left and X on the right.
6 S and T are vertical and S is below T.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Y is over there and Z is on the left of it.
2 D and S are parallel, and S is below D.
3 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
4 L and Z are side by side with L on the top and Z at the bottom.
5 N presents left to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 S is under X.
2 R is sitting at the upper right position to B.
3 B is to the upper left of O.
4 C is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 B is placed at the lower left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the upper left of H.
2 M is diagonally left and below Q.
3 B is to the left of J.
4 M is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
5 N is to the top right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 H is under Z.
2 K and H are side by side with H at the bottom and K on the top.
3 Z and P are both there with the object Z is to the left of object P.
4 P is directly below I.
5 P is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 X is over there and B is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 V and Y are parallel, and V is to the right of Y.
2 V is diagonally left and above V.
3 V is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 Z is positioned up and to the right of O.
5 C is to the left of J horizontally.
6 Q is south east of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned in the top left corner of A.
2 A is to the top right of P.
3 S is at the bottom of L.
4 M and A are horizontal and M is to the right of A.
5 X is placed at the lower left of T.
6 O is on the top and A is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 D is at the lower side of W.
2 R is on the left and D is on the right.
3 F is below W and to the left of W.
4 S is diagonally to the upper right of G.
5 The object F and V are there. The object V is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
6 D is below O with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
2 V and R are vertical and V is below R.
3 N is on the left and M is on the right.
4 R is diagonally to the upper right of T.
5 L is placed at the bottom of V.
6 Q is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
2 A is placed at the lower left of X.
3 Object H is below object A and to the right of it, too.
4 Object X is below object L and to the left of it, too.
5 O is over there with F above.
6 X and E are side by side with X to the left and E to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 V is positioned above E and to the left.
3 O is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 O is to the bottom right of T.
5 I is below and to the right of T.
6 The object V and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 V and B are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
2 M is to the right of J.
3 Q is at J's 12 o'clock.
4 H is directly north west of M.
5 W is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 H is placed in the left direction of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	left	1
1 K and M are side by side with K on the top and M at the bottom.
2 M is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
3 If S is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
4 X is placed on the top of E.
5 M is placed at the bottom of J.
6 F is on top of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	above	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper right of V.
2 M presents right to W.
3 W is positioned in the top left corner of Z.
4 E is at M's 12 o'clock.
5 W is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face W.
6 E is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	left	1
1 S is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Q is below P and to the left of P.
3 N is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 Y is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Q is north west of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 C is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 K is below J at 4 o'clock.
3 T and R are next to each other with R at the bottom T on the top.
4 Y is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 T presents lower left to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 W and A are both there with the object A below the object W.
2 Q and A are both there with the object Q above the object A.
3 O is positioned above and to the left of W.
4 G is to the bottom-right of W.
5 N and K are parallel, and N is to the left of K.
6 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the bottom left of L.
2 H is diagonally to the upper right of C.
3 Z is placed at the lower left of M.
4 Z and I are next to each other with I at the bottom Z on the top.
5 N and Z are next to each other with N on the left and Z on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 L is directly south east of G.
2 L is to the upper left of V.
3 C is placed in the left direction of V.
4 P is positioned left to L.
5 P and A are next to each other with P on the left and A on the right.
6 X is below S and to the right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 S is upper left of X.
2 E is at the bottom and J is on the top.
3 X is diagonally to the upper left of L.
4 Object M is below object X and to the right of it, too.
5 X is positioned below K and to the right.
6 Y is directly north east of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 K is upper right to I.
2 P presents below C.
3 A and B are parallel, and A is to the left of B.
4 I is over there and V is directly above it.
5 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	below	1
1 P is sitting in the left direction of Q.
2 B and I are parallel, and B on the right of I.
3 Q is directly south east of I.
4 C is positioned down and to the left of F.
5 I is south west of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned down and to the left of J.
2 The objects S and P are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 Y is on the top and T is at the bottom.
4 V is placed on the top of X.
5 V is placed at the bottom of S.
6 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	below	1
1 I and K are side by side with I to the left and K to the right.
2 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 U is positioned above C.
4 T presents below H.
5 C is above and to the left of A.
6 A is over there and O is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
2 V is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
3 Z and A are horizontal and Z is to the left of A.
4 X is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 A and O are parallel, and A is over O.
6 H and J are parallel, and H is to the right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	left	1
1 N is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
2 R and V are next to each other with R on the left and V on the right.
3 B is below M.
4 N is to the bottom-left of F.
5 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
6 H is positioned below and to the right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	right	1
1 I is directly north east of J.
2 G is on the top and O is at the bottom.
3 G is lower left to L.
4 Object G is above object X and to the left of it, too.
5 F and K are in a vertical line with F on top.
6 K is below G and to the right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	below	1
1 D and S are next to each other with S on the right and D on the left.
2 A is on top of V.
3 D is at the bottom and V is on the top.
4 R is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
5 D is sitting in the left direction of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 T is to the left of U horizontally.
2 U and O are parallel, and U on the left of O.
3 N is on the right side to O.
4 G is placed in the right direction of N.
5 A is above H and to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	right	1
1 K is over there and W is on the left of it.
2 S is on the left side and above C.
3 V is diagonally right and above F.
4 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
5 P and V are both there with the object V below the object P.
6 K and V are parallel, and V is below K.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	below	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
2 R is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
4 R and T are side by side with T at the bottom and R on the top.
5 I and B are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
6 I is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	right	1
1 D is to the top right of B.
2 I is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
4 B is over there and N is directly above it.
5 F is placed in the right direction of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
2 M is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 S is below and to the right of Y.
4 V is south west of N.
5 C is over there with D above.
6 N is on the top and S is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	below	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
2 V and F are parallel, and V is to the right of F.
3 B is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
4 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
5 K is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	right	1
1 V presents lower right to Q.
2 L is above E with a small gap between them.
3 Object D is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
4 Q is at the lower side of L.
5 I is directly north east of D.
6 J is sitting at the lower position to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Z is to the right of T.
2 S is sitting at the top position to W.
3 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
4 Z is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
5 G is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
6 T and A are parallel, and T on the left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 K is on top of L.
2 X is to the bottom right of C.
3 L and R are horizontal and L is to the left of R.
4 J and K are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
5 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the right side to X.
2 X is south east of W.
3 X is above O with a small gap between them.
4 T is over there and W is on the left.
5 J is on the lower left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	above	1
1 P is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 W is on the right and P is on the left.
3 U is over B.
4 P is on the right side and below B.
5 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
6 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 F is diagonally to the bottom right of N.
2 N is directly north west of G.
3 V is south west of G.
4 A and K are side by side with A to the right and K to the left.
5 J presents over V.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 Z is positioned above L and to the left.
2 O and Z are next to each other with O on the top and Z at the bottom.
3 O is to the bottom left of Y.
4 E is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
5 The object J is positioned directly below the object O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Q is above P and to the left of P.
2 Y is to the upper left of S.
3 Q is to the right of L.
4 F is placed at the bottom of P.
5 P is positioned in the lower left corner of A.
6 K is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	left	1
1 Z is placed in the right direction of I.
2 X is over there and J is on the right.
3 A is directly below J.
4 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
5 G is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	left	1
1 M and T are vertical and M is below T.
2 Object W is above object T and to the left of it, too.
3 K and P are parallel, and K is over P.
4 K is on the left side to T.
5 Q is below M with a small gap between them.
6 O is at the bottom of C and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 H is on the right side to D.
3 The object Z and H are there. The object Z is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
4 H is placed at the bottom of M.
5 J and E are parallel, and J is on top of E.
6 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	left	1
1 H is over there with T above.
2 X is below and to the left of F.
3 F is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 V is below Z with a small gap between them.
5 Z is on the right side and top of M.
6 O is on the lower left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Z is positioned above and to the left of G.
2 N is on the right side and top of L.
3 B is positioned above and to the left of I.
4 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
5 I is diagonally right and below Z.
6 I and J are side by side with I to the left and J to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	right	1
1 D and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
2 Object T is below object P and to the left of it, too.
3 L is placed at the upper left of U.
4 U is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
5 K and U are parallel, and K is to the left of U.
6 The object X is positioned directly above the object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the left side of and below B.
2 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object G.
3 B is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
5 B is below E at 7 o'clock.
6 A is under T.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	left	1
1 O and C are horizontal and O is to the right of C.
2 J is on the upper right of O.
3 C is lower left to F.
4 P is placed in the right direction of C.
5 Z is below V and to the right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 I is diagonally above F to the right at a 45 degree.
2 K is below S.
3 O and V are parallel, and O on the right of V.
4 S is diagonally to the upper left of I.
5 U is directly below J.
6 K is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper left of B.
2 Y is at the bottom and J is on the top.
3 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object V.
4 A and C are parallel, and A on the right of C.
5 B is above F at 2 o'clock.
6 If A is the center of a clock face, F is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	below	1
1 D is lower right of Q.
2 W is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
3 B is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 Q presents lower right to Z.
5 W is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 H is placed at the upper right of Y.
2 V is above R and to the right of R.
3 J is placed on the top of B.
4 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object B.
5 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
6 O is on top of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I is at X's 6 o'clock.
2 O is at J's 12 o'clock.
3 U is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
5 The object U is positioned directly above the object N.
6 O is at M's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	below	1
1 F and S are side by side with F to the right and S to the left.
2 R is above H with a small gap between them.
3 F is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
4 L is positioned below F and to the left.
5 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	above	1
1 H is below and to the right of N.
2 V is placed in the right direction of H.
3 Z is at the bottom and F is on the top.
4 W is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
5 Object F is below object H and to the left of it, too.
6 E presents lower left to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 L is placed on the top of R.
2 Q and L are both there with the object L below the object Q.
3 W is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 C is at D's 12 o'clock.
5 The object J is positioned above and to the left of object T.
6 C is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	above	1
1 X is positioned above B and to the right.
2 O is directly south east of D.
3 H is directly below N.
4 The object M is positioned directly below the object L.
5 M is positioned above and to the left of B.
6 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
2 G is positioned up and to the right of A.
3 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
4 O and R are both there with the object O is to the left of object R.
5 G is on the right side and below R.
6 S is placed at the lower left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned above and to the left of I.
2 I is to the bottom-left of G.
3 G is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
4 C is positioned below and to the right of D.
5 N is directly south west of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the right and R is on the left.
2 V and I are both there with the object V is to the right of object I.
3 A and I are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
4 G and U are next to each other with G on the top and U at the bottom.
5 G is on the left side of and below I.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	above	1
1 A is directly north east of B.
2 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
3 C is to the bottom right of R.
4 J is directly above L.
5 D is directly south east of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the top side to O.
2 I is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
3 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
4 Z is sitting at the upper left position to J.
5 P is on the top and O is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 J is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
2 L is positioned below K and to the left.
3 A is at the bottom of L vertically.
4 I is diagonally right and above P.
5 S is at the bottom of W vertically.
6 I is on the upper right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 M is over there with Z above.
2 J is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
3 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
4 Z is sitting at the upper right position to C.
5 J is below and to the right of X.
6 W is above J at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	right	1
1 R is diagonally right and below C.
2 E is sitting at the top position to B.
3 D is sitting in the left direction of Q.
4 Object C is below object I and to the left of it, too.
5 Q and R are next to each other with Q on the left and R on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	above	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
2 N is diagonally right and above I.
3 T is on the top and J is at the bottom.
4 If Y is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
5 Y is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
6 J is above X and to the right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 C is placed at the lower right of Y.
3 O and P are both there with the object P below the object O.
4 O is positioned down and to the left of H.
5 B is directly south east of D.
6 P is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 G is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 L is on the upper right of R.
3 I is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
4 V is to the top right of M.
5 L is to the top-left of M.
6 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 The objects Q and F are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 V is above S and to the left of S.
4 Q is sitting in the right direction of G.
5 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	below	1
1 N is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 V is sitting at the lower left position to U.
3 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
4 V is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
5 P is to the top right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
2 V is positioned below F and to the left.
3 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
4 M is positioned below and to the right of G.
5 Q and E are horizontal and Q is to the left of E.
6 P is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	above	1
1 K is to the top-right of T.
2 Y is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Object L is below object B and to the left of it, too.
4 H is above S and to the right of S.
5 Y is directly below S.
6 L is directly below S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	left	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of B.
2 Y is on the lower right of L.
3 L is over there and R is on the top of it.
4 W is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
5 X and Y are parallel, and X on the left of Y.
6 W is on the lower right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 V and N are side by side with V to the right and N to the left.
2 N is directly north west of M.
3 M is above and to the right of Y.
4 U is positioned right to D.
5 J is below Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
2 H is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 H is positioned above V and to the right.
4 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
5 G is over there and E is on the right.
6 S is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	left	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
2 L is over there and W is directly below it.
3 R and E are horizontal and R is to the right of E.
4 E is on the right side to O.
5 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
6 R is upper left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M is below G and to the right of G.
2 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
3 H is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
4 M and H are parallel, and M is under H.
5 U is above H at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	below	1
1 A and Z are both there with the object A is to the right of object Z.
2 M is at the lower side of E.
3 L is on the left side to U.
4 M is directly north west of P.
5 Z is directly north west of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 A is directly below R.
2 A is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
3 B is positioned right to T.
4 B presents over P.
5 B is positioned below D and to the right.
6 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the left side of and below R.
2 N and Z are parallel, and N on the left of Z.
3 G is to the top-left of J.
4 S presents upper left to J.
5 S is sitting at the lower right position to L.
6 L is above T at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 X and R are vertical and X is above R.
3 X is on the left and B is on the right.
4 X is to the left of P.
5 W and B are parallel, and W is to the left of B.
6 Y is on the right side and top of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	right	1
1 N and F are next to each other with F on the right and N on the left.
2 M is on the right and V is on the left.
3 M and K are side by side with M on the top and K at the bottom.
4 C is below and to the left of L.
5 M is diagonally left and above M.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 U is directly north east of N.
2 C and V are side by side with C to the right and V to the left.
3 B is to the left of Q horizontally.
4 K is at U's 6 o'clock.
5 K is north east of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned above U and to the left.
2 C is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
3 K is placed at the lower left of N.
4 D and N are side by side with D to the left and N to the right.
5 G and U are parallel, and G is over U.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 G is positioned above and to the left of B.
2 M is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
3 G and P are both there with the object G above the object P.
4 M is positioned down and to the left of B.
5 J is placed at the bottom of S.
6 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	below	1
1 S is lower left to W.
2 W presents over N.
3 F is directly south west of T.
4 Z is diagonally to the upper right of I.
5 T is over there and N is on the left.
6 H is sitting at the upper right position to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	below	1
1 J is on the top and A is at the bottom.
2 L is on the upper right of M.
3 J is below H and to the left of H.
4 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
5 P is positioned right to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the right of V.
2 J is to the top-left of X.
3 Object U is above object J and to the left of it, too.
4 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
5 I is north east of A.
6 R is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	right	1
1 A is above and to the right of E.
2 Z is sitting in the right direction of N.
3 Z is diagonally right and above H.
4 N is on the upper right of O.
5 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
6 X is over there with Y below.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 X is at the lower side of P.
2 X is on the lower left of V.
3 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
4 V and T are horizontal and V is to the left of T.
5 B is placed at the lower right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	right	1
1 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
3 L is at Z's 12 o'clock.
4 U is below W and to the right of W.
5 H is above Q and to the left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	left	1
1 M is positioned below and to the right of U.
2 P is on the upper right of R.
3 G is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 M is on the left side of and below J.
5 G and D are next to each other with G on the top and D at the bottom.
6 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 G presents lower left to B.
2 Y is positioned in the top left corner of V.
3 G is directly below O.
4 F is sitting at the upper left position to T.
5 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object J.
6 F is over there with B above.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned below U and to the left.
2 Q is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 I and X are parallel, and I is under X.
4 E is on the right side and top of Q.
5 E is on the right side and below K.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	below	1
1 Z is to the bottom left of D.
2 T is positioned right to H.
3 H is positioned in the top left corner of G.
4 U and L are side by side with U to the right and L to the left.
5 U is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 U is below and to the right of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 E presents upper right to R.
2 L is diagonally left and below G.
3 R is sitting at the lower right position to G.
4 L is positioned below X.
5 V and E are both there with the object V is to the right of object E.
6 P is sitting at the lower left position to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 D is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
3 I and D are both there with the object I is to the left of object D.
4 J is on the lower right of G.
5 Q and C are parallel, and Q is to the left of C.
6 X is at M’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 H is on the top side to Y.
2 W is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 H is positioned below G and to the right.
4 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
5 I is sitting at the lower position to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
2 P is at Z's 3 o'clock.
3 R is north east of H.
4 C is on the lower left of Y.
5 O and D are vertical and O is above D.
6 H is positioned below D and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
2 W is directly south west of A.
3 A is placed at the lower left of O.
4 N is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 D is to the upper left of N.
6 P is positioned below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Q is under I.
2 Q is at the bottom and V is on the top.
3 V is on the left side and above K.
4 H is placed in the right direction of Y.
5 C is placed on the top of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Y is over there and C is on the top of it.
2 I is sitting in the left direction of C.
3 Y is above F and to the right of F.
4 N presents over D.
5 The object I is positioned directly below the object T.
6 R and Y are vertical and R is below Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	right	1
1 J is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 S is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 N is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
4 O is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
5 A is to the right of N horizontally.
6 Z is at B's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	left	1
1 T is to the top right of N.
2 V is over there and E is on the right of it.
3 S is above and to the left of P.
4 T is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 X is to the left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
2 F is above and to the right of H.
3 Q is placed in the left direction of G.
4 U and Q are both there with the object Q below the object U.
5 F is there and U is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the lower left of C.
2 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
3 O is above V with a small gap between them.
4 O is north west of K.
5 O is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 B and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom B on the top.
3 H is below Z at 7 o'clock.
4 H is to the bottom-right of F.
5 K is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
6 K is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned above U and to the left.
2 V is north east of A.
3 The object G is positioned directly below the object X.
4 J is sitting at the lower right position to I.
5 I is above U and to the right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 P is over there and E is on the right of it.
3 G is positioned above and to the left of C.
4 D and T are parallel, and D is over T.
5 The object P is positioned above and to the left of object J.
6 T and J are parallel, and T on the right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	below	1
1 G is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
2 R is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 M is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 S is above N at 2 o'clock.
5 Z is directly north east of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 O and A are vertical and O is below A.
2 N is on the top side to C.
3 If A is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
4 N is placed at the upper left of T.
5 S is to the top of F vertically.
6 W is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 J is to the top-right of S.
2 I presents left to C.
3 R is on the lower left of K.
4 R is sitting at the upper right position to S.
5 E is diagonally right and below W.
6 K is positioned down and to the left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	right	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
2 B is over there and N is directly above it.
3 H is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
4 I is sitting at the top position to N.
5 P is above I and to the right of I.
6 E is over there and Q is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
2 D is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
3 E is to the top right of R.
4 F and I are horizontal and F is to the right of I.
5 V is to the left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	right	1
1 W is at U’s 9 o'clock.
2 Y and O are both there with the object Y is to the left of object O.
3 Z is diagonally left and below H.
4 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
5 L is over there and Z is on the right of it.
6 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	left	1
1 I is below V at 7 o'clock.
2 V is to the top-right of D.
3 V is over there with K below.
4 J is sitting at the top position to S.
5 G presents upper left to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	above	1
1 A is over there and Y is on the left.
2 E is above S and to the left of S.
3 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
4 S is at L's 6 o'clock.
5 L is on the right and I is on the left.
6 B is on the right side to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	left	1
1 M is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
3 L is over there with A below.
4 N is over there and W is on the top of it.
5 A and U are next to each other with A on the left and U on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	right	1
1 N is sitting at the top position to M.
2 N is below Q at 4 o'clock.
3 E and Q are vertical and E is below Q.
4 B is over there and V is on the left of it.
5 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	above	1
1 C is at the bottom of L.
2 L is over there and T is directly below it.
3 L is below and to the right of M.
4 X is positioned below T and to the right.
5 P and W are parallel, and P is to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 J is over there and S is on the left of it.
2 N is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
4 N is sitting at the lower left position to S.
5 G is lower left to X.
6 G is above and to the right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is upper left of Z.
2 E is at W's 3 o'clock.
3 W and N are parallel, and W is on top of N.
4 P is at the bottom and I is on the top.
5 A is on the top side to Z.
6 W is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and A is directly below it.
2 T is below and to the left of E.
3 E is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 E is below H at 4 o'clock.
5 M is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper left of G.
2 Q and Y are both there with the object Q is to the left of object Y.
3 K is on the lower right of I.
4 G is on the left side of and below E.
5 E is on the lower right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	right	1
1 W is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 W and M are side by side with M at the bottom and W on the top.
3 S is placed at the lower right of G.
4 M and U are both there with the object U below the object M.
5 M is over there and Z is on the right.
6 O is directly south west of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 W is at the bottom of Y.
2 L is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
3 C is on the right side to Q.
4 V is to the left of W.
5 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
6 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 P and Q are side by side with P on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
3 A is below O.
4 Object M is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
5 I is to the top right of K.
6 Q and J are next to each other with Q on the left and J on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	below	1
1 C is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face C.
2 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
3 P is at the bottom of I vertically.
4 J is over there and P is on the left.
5 G is on the right side and top of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	left	1
1 F is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 A is on the right and O is on the left.
3 J is diagonally left and above J.
4 U is over there and A is on the left.
5 J is placed at the upper left of A.
6 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 P is positioned below and to the right of J.
2 V is at P's 6 o'clock.
3 M is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 W is under Q.
5 Q is above P and to the right of P.
6 P is diagonally to the upper right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 The objects S and O are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 M is diagonally right and below G.
3 Y and O are parallel, and Y is to the left of O.
4 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
5 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
6 Y is directly north west of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
2 O is above and to the right of V.
3 P is north west of K.
4 A is directly north east of F.
5 V is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 C is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Q is to the top-left of Z.
3 A is directly south east of Z.
4 I is directly north west of W.
5 J is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
3 X is positioned in the front right corner of U.
4 J is on the left and S is on the right.
5 S is on the top side to F.
6 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	right	1
1 X is over there and R is on the top of it.
2 X is positioned above M.
3 C is above X with a small gap between them.
4 S is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
5 R is placed on the top of P.
6 A is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 T is north east of J.
2 D is to the top-right of Z.
3 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
4 G is placed at the lower left of V.
5 R is below U at 7 o'clock.
6 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 Z is lower right of F.
3 The objects S and U are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 Z and B are parallel, and Z is over B.
5 Q and F are parallel, and Q is over F.
6 Z is directly south west of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	above	1
1 R is placed on the top of J.
2 D is under Y.
3 G is at the bottom of D.
4 G presents over F.
5 N is on the right side and below D.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 V is below E and to the right of E.
3 K and N are both there with the object K is to the right of object N.
4 R is to the top-left of O.
5 E is placed at the lower left of N.
6 E is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 I is placed at the lower right of E.
2 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
3 J is below K.
4 B is over there and D is directly above it.
5 I is diagonally left and above I.
6 E and B are both there with the object E is to the left of object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 C is sitting in the right direction of V.
3 S is on the left side and above W.
4 S is directly below V.
5 I is above W and to the right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Q is under C.
2 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
3 R is on the lower right of P.
4 H is on the left side of and below E.
5 M is directly south west of E.
6 B is to the left of P horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 S is over there and U is directly above it.
3 I is below B at 4 o'clock.
4 Q is placed at the lower right of U.
5 S is at F's 12 o'clock.
6 B is on the left and Q is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the right of L.
2 G is to the right of J.
3 C is to the right of F horizontally.
4 C and H are parallel, and C is to the left of H.
5 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
6 C is above Q at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	left	1
1 D is at U's 12 o'clock.
2 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
3 U is above and to the left of F.
4 Y is to the right of K.
5 V is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	left	1
1 T is positioned below V and to the left.
2 Z is to the top-left of K.
3 X and V are vertical and X is below V.
4 T presents lower right to O.
5 X is below F and to the left of F.
6 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 J is at the bottom of H.
2 R is over there and C is on the left.
3 F and Y are both there with the object F is to the right of object Y.
4 H is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
5 O is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
6 Y is below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 M is lower right of L.
2 P is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 U is to the right of L horizontally.
4 G is positioned down and to the left of D.
5 O is over there and L is on the left.
6 P is on the left side and above L.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned below N.
2 R presents right to S.
3 R is above W.
4 K and F are both there with the object K above the object F.
5 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 H is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 K is below P and to the right of P.
3 H is to the right of K horizontally.
4 D is on the top side to O.
5 Z is there and C is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 Q is above and to the left of O.
2 A is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
3 C is over there and A is directly below it.
4 H is at C's 3 o'clock.
5 Y is positioned above and to the left of D.
6 Y is placed at the lower right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 S is over there and O is on the left.
2 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 L is below Y at 4 o'clock.
4 The object L and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
5 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned in the front right corner of T.
2 T is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Y and L are next to each other with Y on the top and L at the bottom.
4 A is below M at 4 o'clock.
5 Z is positioned below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 K is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
2 Object S is above object P and to the left of it, too.
3 A and Z are parallel, and Z is below A.
4 T is above Q and to the right of Q.
5 Q is north west of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 U is directly south east of Y.
2 V is on the left side and above Y.
3 N is on the upper right of B.
4 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
5 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 Z is over there and Q is on the right.
2 E is on the left side to V.
3 X is on the right and Z is on the left.
4 The object Z is positioned directly above the object J.
5 O presents upper right to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
2 E is over there and T is on the right of it.
3 S is over there and K is on the left.
4 W and A are both there with the object W is to the right of object A.
5 H is below and to the left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	left	1
1 I is to the upper left of N.
2 N is to the top-left of C.
3 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
4 G and E are parallel, and G on the right of E.
5 Q is below and to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 U is to the top-right of Y.
3 K is sitting at the top position to J.
4 C is sitting at the upper left position to K.
5 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 I presents lower right to R.
2 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
3 X is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 X and A are parallel, and X on the left of A.
5 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
6 N is to the top right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	right	1
1 L and J are parallel, and L is to the left of J.
2 The object E is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
3 L is diagonally right and below K.
4 V is under A.
5 R is placed in the left direction of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	left	1
1 C is positioned above J and to the left.
2 X is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
3 Y is below A at 4 o'clock.
4 P is on the right and K is on the left.
5 G is sitting at the upper right position to J.
6 C is to the top right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
2 K is above X at 2 o'clock.
3 K presents upper right to C.
4 X is to the left of B.
5 Object B is below object L and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 D is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 J is positioned above C.
3 U is placed on the top of Q.
4 A is placed in the left direction of Y.
5 U is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 A is directly north east of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 M and O are horizontal and M is to the left of O.
2 M is sitting at the lower left position to P.
3 C is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
4 Z is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
5 N is sitting in the right direction of P.
6 P is south east of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	above	1
1 I is over there and V is directly above it.
2 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object V.
3 If A is the center of a clock face, X is located between 10 and 11.
4 E is north east of R.
5 X is to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the upper right of Q.
2 D is south east of B.
3 J and N are side by side with J to the right and N to the left.
4 E is on the right side to Q.
5 E is directly below V.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 T and A are both there with the object T is to the right of object A.
2 W is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
3 P is to the left of L horizontally.
4 G is below T at 7 o'clock.
5 T is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the top right of C.
2 T presents right to L.
3 I and P are parallel, and P is below I.
4 L is sitting at the upper left position to I.
5 L and W are side by side with W at the bottom and L on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 X is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 W is on the top and C is at the bottom.
3 Z is at the lower side of X.
4 P is placed at the upper left of B.
5 F is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 B is above S at 10 o'clock.
2 P is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
3 B is directly north east of I.
4 A is lower right of B.
5 N is over there with Q below.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	right	1
1 S is to the bottom-right of T.
2 Q is sitting at the upper right position to O.
3 N is at the lower side of X.
4 V is on the right side and below X.
5 N and S are parallel, and S is below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	below	1
1 I and Z are parallel, and I is to the right of Z.
2 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
3 Z presents upper left to J.
4 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
5 Object Z is below object T and to the right of it, too.
6 V is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	right	1
1 U is positioned left to E.
2 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
3 Y presents left to F.
4 B is placed at the lower right of F.
5 D is directly above N.
6 N and B are side by side with N to the right and B to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of D.
2 F is above W.
3 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
4 F is directly south west of X.
5 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 K presents upper left to A.
2 The object W is positioned directly below the object F.
3 H is sitting at the upper right position to I.
4 I is north west of K.
5 G is on the right side and top of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents upper right to A.
2 U and Q are parallel, and U on the left of Q.
3 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
4 T and D are parallel, and T on the left of D.
5 M is to the bottom left of E.
6 T is below and to the right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object A is positioned directly above the object C.
2 C and N are side by side with C to the right and N to the left.
3 K is sitting in the right direction of P.
4 U is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
5 C is on the left and O is on the right.
6 N is on the right side and top of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	above	1
1 Y is at H's 12 o'clock.
2 N is positioned in the front right corner of A.
3 Z is above and to the left of H.
4 W is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
5 N and Y are horizontal and N is to the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally right and below S.
2 X is on the right side to Z.
3 X is above U and to the right of U.
4 C is placed at the bottom of G.
5 C is south west of U.
6 H is below U and to the left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	above	1
1 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
2 Object M is below object W and to the left of it, too.
3 E and W are next to each other with E on the left and W on the right.
4 M and C are parallel, and C is below M.
5 O is below and to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
2 Object V is above object E and to the left of it, too.
3 W is diagonally right and below V.
4 E and C are side by side with E to the left and C to the right.
5 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 P presents upper right to D.
2 H is on the right side and below V.
3 L is positioned below and to the right of D.
4 M is at P’s 9 o'clock.
5 M and R are next to each other with M on the left and R on the right.
6 T and M are vertical and T is below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	left	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
2 F is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 L is diagonally to the bottom right of O.
4 I is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 F is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 A is positioned below and to the right of K.
3 W is positioned below Y and to the right.
4 T is below W and to the left of W.
5 A and W are both there with the object A is to the right of object W.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 B is sitting at the lower position to D.
3 M is on the left side of and below S.
4 J and N are both there with the object J is to the right of object N.
5 J is to the bottom left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 L and W are side by side with L on the top and W at the bottom.
2 H is below S with a small gap between them.
3 W is directly south west of E.
4 R is on the lower right of J.
5 F is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
6 H is to the left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 E and I are next to each other with E on the left and I on the right.
3 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
4 Y and I are side by side with I at the bottom and Y on the top.
5 Z is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	below	1
1 R is to the bottom-left of B.
2 M is north west of J.
3 J and W are both there with the object J above the object W.
4 Z is to the top-right of G.
5 W is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	right	1
1 Y is above O at 2 o'clock.
2 P is directly south west of K.
3 C is diagonally right and below Y.
4 Q and G are parallel, and Q is over G.
5 Q is placed at the upper left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is directly south east of S.
2 I and W are parallel, and I on the right of W.
3 R is below Y and to the left of Y.
4 S is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
5 K is above R.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 M and U are in a horizontal line with U on the right.
2 Object U is below object H and to the right of it, too.
3 W is positioned up and to the right of M.
4 G is to the bottom-left of U.
5 H and O are both there with the object H is to the left of object O.
6 J presents upper left to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	left	1
1 M is directly above F.
2 Z is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
3 Y and F are side by side with Y on the top and F at the bottom.
4 W is over there and F is on the right.
5 R is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 F is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is below D at 4 o'clock.
3 L and A are vertical and L is above A.
4 F and A are horizontal and F is to the left of A.
5 J and F are next to each other with J on the left and F on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	right	1
1 E and K are parallel, and K is below E.
2 R is below D at 4 o'clock.
3 T is to the right of D.
4 Q is at D's 3 o'clock.
5 R is placed in the left direction of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Q and F are parallel, and Q is over F.
2 P and M are side by side with P to the left and M to the right.
3 O is to the right of E horizontally.
4 E is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
5 Q and E are in a vertical line with Q on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	below	1
1 U is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 O is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 O is sitting at the lower right position to P.
4 P and X are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
5 P is diagonally to the upper right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	above	1
1 D and I are parallel, and D is over I.
2 W and R are horizontal and W is to the right of R.
3 L is over there and W is directly below it.
4 A is on top of R.
5 L presents left to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	above	1
1 J is directly north east of F.
2 C is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
3 S is on the left and Q is on the right.
4 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
5 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	below	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
2 K presents over J.
3 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
4 W is below J.
5 H is at the bottom of O.
6 Z is at the lower side of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	above	1
1 M is diagonally left and below F.
2 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
3 F is to the top of T vertically.
4 H is over there with N below.
5 Z and B are parallel, and Z is on top of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	below	1
1 A is on the right and B is on the left.
2 Q is on the right side and top of Y.
3 T is positioned above A.
4 I and T are side by side with I to the right and T to the left.
5 R presents right to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	right	1
1 X is positioned below C and to the right.
2 S is at C's 6 o'clock.
3 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
4 O is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
5 I is to the left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	below	1
1 W is to the top right of F.
2 Object V is below object E and to the right of it, too.
3 D is on the right side to V.
4 K is sitting at the lower position to E.
5 H and V are side by side with H on the top and V at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	below	1
1 A and V are side by side with A to the left and V to the right.
2 V and J are parallel, and V on the left of J.
3 A is placed at the lower right of C.
4 K is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Object A is above object T and to the left of it, too.
6 Z is below N.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	right	1
1 N is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 G is diagonally left and above G.
3 D is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
4 E is to the left of N horizontally.
5 U is sitting at the lower right position to J.
6 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 K is below and to the right of W.
2 F is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
3 W presents upper right to F.
4 R is south east of K.
5 Z is positioned above G and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 A is on the left side to P.
2 Y is over there and P is directly below it.
3 K and I are horizontal and K is to the left of I.
4 B is positioned above Y.
5 A is to the left of U horizontally.
6 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	above	1
1 V presents left to K.
2 M is over there and N is directly above it.
3 V and W are parallel, and V is over W.
4 Q is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 K is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 Object G is below object V and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	left	1
1 Q is over there and K is on the left of it.
2 K is placed at the upper left of H.
3 J is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 P is at C's 6 o'clock.
5 T is upper right to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	left	1
1 M is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Z is placed at the lower right of M.
3 S is to the bottom left of Y.
4 B is to the bottom left of Y.
5 Y is to the top of T vertically.
6 V is positioned left to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 I is below N at 4 o'clock.
2 V is over there with N below.
3 The object X is positioned directly above the object Y.
4 I is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
5 The object V is positioned directly below the object T.
6 S is positioned in the front right corner of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 F is below R and to the right of R.
2 The objects F and Z are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 Q is positioned in the top left corner of X.
4 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
5 R is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
6 F is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Z and Q are side by side with Z to the right and Q to the left.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 L is over there and M is on the top of it.
4 The objects X and U are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
5 N and X are in a vertical line with N on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the lower right of L.
2 L is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 S is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
4 Y is below C.
5 Z presents upper left to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 U and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 K is above F at 10 o'clock.
3 L is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
4 W is above and to the left of D.
5 D is above M with a small gap between them.
6 U is over there and D is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
2 O is on the left side to N.
3 J and S are parallel, and J on the left of S.
4 The objects H and G are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
5 The objects G and A are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 O is on the right and X is on the left.
2 N and M are side by side with N on the top and M at the bottom.
3 X is positioned below Y and to the right.
4 L is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 O and B are next to each other with O on the top and B at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 I and N are parallel, and I is to the right of N.
2 L is to the right of N.
3 I and E are side by side with I to the left and E to the right.
4 X and L are horizontal and X is to the left of L.
5 F is north east of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	left	1
1 V is on the right side and top of Q.
2 Y is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
3 A is below X and to the left of X.
4 Y presents lower left to Q.
5 J is to the left of F.
6 Y is placed in the right direction of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally left and below Z.
2 The objects L and Q are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
3 H is positioned below Y and to the left.
4 M presents lower right to Q.
5 C is on top of L.
6 Object M is below object I and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 U and B are both there with the object U is to the left of object B.
2 The object U is positioned directly below the object Y.
3 T is south east of Y.
4 If P is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
5 E is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 V is sitting in the right direction of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 N and U are next to each other with N on the left and U on the right.
2 H is over there and U is on the top of it.
3 H is over there and G is on the right of it.
4 B is on the right side and below I.
5 K is over G.
6 M is over there and K is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 G is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
2 Object W is below object G and to the left of it, too.
3 S is positioned above and to the left of W.
4 S is directly south west of N.
5 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
6 I is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	left	1
1 H is on the right side and top of W.
2 J is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 O is at H's 12 o'clock.
4 J is over there and X is on the right.
5 B is positioned below A.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
2 S is on the right and O is on the left.
3 X is over there and C is on the left of it.
4 I is below S with a small gap between them.
5 J is at Q's 3 o'clock.
6 X presents lower left to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
2 Y is positioned below Q and to the left.
3 T is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
4 Object D is below object W and to the right of it, too.
5 T is on the upper right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	right	1
1 T and D are parallel, and T is under D.
2 G and T are next to each other with T on the right and G on the left.
3 O is to the left of N.
4 O is on the top side to D.
5 O is north west of K.
6 V presents upper left to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	above	1
1 R is positioned above D and to the left.
2 C is on the right side and top of U.
3 P is over there with H above.
4 P and Y are parallel, and P is under Y.
5 D is on top of A.
6 A is to the top of P vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	above	1
1 F is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 F is over there and L is directly below it.
3 M is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
4 A is to the bottom-right of E.
5 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
6 F is over there and V is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	right	1
1 X presents right to I.
2 G is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
3 S is above and to the left of T.
4 A is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
5 I is placed in the left direction of T.
6 O is below X at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The objects P and Y are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 Y is to the top-left of R.
3 P is diagonally to the upper right of T.
4 Y and H are vertical and Y is below H.
5 B is over X.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The objects P and E are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 P is lower right of T.
3 V is over there and R is on the right.
4 H is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
5 T is to the upper left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 W is sitting at the lower left position to B.
2 Object R is below object L and to the left of it, too.
3 B is on the right side to L.
4 N is above B.
5 Y is at the bottom of N.
6 E presents upper right to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	right	1
1 G is below K and to the left of K.
2 G is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 O is positioned down and to the left of T.
4 S is positioned below Q and to the right.
5 C is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 Q is there and C is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 A is directly south east of J.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
3 Y is above T at 10 o'clock.
4 F is positioned below D and to the left.
5 A and Y are parallel, and A is to the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 P presents lower right to M.
3 O is above U with a small gap between them.
4 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
5 M is on the left side and above Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Object Z is above object I and to the left of it, too.
2 M is on the left and Z is on the right.
3 V and Z are side by side with V on the top and Z at the bottom.
4 W is above and to the left of C.
5 F presents upper left to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	below	1
1 W and Q are parallel, and W on the right of Q.
2 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 D is upper left of N.
4 C and R are in a vertical line with R below C.
5 Q is above R.
6 Object W is below object M and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there with M below.
2 N and D are both there with the object N is to the left of object D.
3 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object M.
4 O is above Z and to the right of Z.
5 W is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
6 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
2 A is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face A.
3 K is placed at the upper right of W.
4 I is directly north east of O.
5 H presents lower right to M.
6 P is positioned left to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The object R is positioned directly above the object L.
2 I and M are side by side with I on the top and M at the bottom.
3 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object V.
4 R is south west of F.
5 L is over there and V is on the left.
6 R is diagonally to the bottom right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 W is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
2 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to A.
3 S is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
4 If E is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
5 X is lower right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
2 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
3 Z is placed at the lower right of F.
4 C is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 N is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 The objects B and V are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	left	1
1 S is upper right to L.
2 H is to the left of P.
3 F is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 T is north west of O.
5 O is directly north east of S.
6 D is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned up and to the right of B.
2 L and I are both there with the object L above the object I.
3 D is below K.
4 X and O are parallel, and X is to the left of O.
5 The objects M and L are over there. The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
6 M and D are parallel, and M is to the left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 X is to the left of T.
3 K is on the upper right of D.
4 U and X are vertical and U is above X.
5 F is below and to the left of A.
6 R is to the upper left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 L is directly above S.
2 K is directly above Z.
3 E and L are next to each other with E on the left and L on the right.
4 K is above L at 10 o'clock.
5 Object I is above object U and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 K is to the upper left of U.
3 F is directly above K.
4 T and J are next to each other with J at the bottom T on the top.
5 K is upper right to T.
6 U and V are parallel, and U is over V.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the right of Y horizontally.
2 O and Z are parallel, and O on the left of Z.
3 Q is placed at the upper left of A.
4 O is directly north west of U.
5 Q is positioned above and to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
2 The object J and K are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 L presents upper left to F.
4 If V is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
5 V is on the left side to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	above	1
1 C is to the top of K vertically.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
3 T and P are parallel, and T is to the left of P.
4 T is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 O is placed at the upper right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned below E and to the right.
2 J is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 B is below and to the left of F.
4 The object J is positioned directly above the object Y.
5 O is positioned above and to the left of E.
6 J is south west of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 B and M are both there with the object B is to the left of object M.
2 S is north east of F.
3 A is sitting at the upper left position to B.
4 E is positioned above B.
5 R is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 X is sitting at the upper right position to C.
2 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
3 D is over there and V is on the left.
4 Y is to the top right of K.
5 D is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
6 C is on the upper right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there and F is on the left of it.
2 P is sitting at the top position to M.
3 K presents upper left to V.
4 G is to the top of P vertically.
5 X is placed at the lower left of B.
6 V and M are parallel, and V is to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
2 N is above and to the right of G.
3 E is below T and to the right of T.
4 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
5 S is to the bottom-left of K.
6 The object H and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 O is at the bottom of P vertically.
2 K presents left to D.
3 Y is at the bottom of O vertically.
4 O is below R with a small gap between them.
5 V is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	above	1
1 P and U are in a vertical line with P on top.
2 L presents upper left to U.
3 W is sitting in the left direction of T.
4 I and P are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
5 N and I are in a vertical line with N on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned down and to the left of O.
2 B is below and to the left of Q.
3 M is placed in the right direction of B.
4 B and O are parallel, and B is to the left of O.
5 W is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 R is to the top-left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned down and to the left of X.
2 E is diagonally left and below D.
3 I and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
4 A is above D at 2 o'clock.
5 M is below E and to the right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 F and E are parallel, and F on the right of E.
2 O is on the right side and below F.
3 M is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
4 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
5 E is below and to the left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Y and Q are parallel, and Y on the left of Q.
2 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
3 A is at the bottom of Z.
4 A is sitting in the right direction of P.
5 P is placed at the lower left of Y.
6 T is below O with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	left	1
1 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
2 V is to the bottom left of A.
3 C and U are next to each other with C on the left and U on the right.
4 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
5 U is north east of A.
6 R is at the lower side of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned left to S.
2 L is to the right of H.
3 M is over there and W is on the right.
4 H is positioned down and to the left of M.
5 I and R are parallel, and I on the left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 S is positioned above A and to the left.
3 A is to the right of W horizontally.
4 U is at the bottom of C.
5 A is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 F is above and to the left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 L is above and to the left of A.
3 I is positioned above W.
4 F presents upper left to Q.
5 F is below and to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 V and T are in a vertical line with V on top.
2 T presents upper left to R.
3 V and U are parallel, and V is to the right of U.
4 K and L are side by side with L at the bottom and K on the top.
5 C is over there and U is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	below	1
1 Z and P are both there with the object Z is to the left of object P.
2 B is to the right of P horizontally.
3 N is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
4 B is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 C is to the right of I horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting at the top position to C.
2 F is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
3 M is to the bottom left of H.
4 F is directly below H.
5 D is above and to the right of J.
6 H is at the lower side of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 P is under C.
2 Z is on the left and H is on the right.
3 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
4 U is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
5 U is above C.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	above	1
1 L is on the right side and below Q.
2 W and V are horizontal and W is to the left of V.
3 W presents upper left to J.
4 R is above J at 2 o'clock.
5 J and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q is below and to the right of A.
2 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 O is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
4 V is positioned below and to the right of K.
5 Y is on the right side and below V.
6 V and L are vertical and V is above L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Y and Z are parallel, and Y is on top of Z.
2 M and U are horizontal and M is to the left of U.
3 I is to the bottom right of N.
4 M is sitting at the lower left position to K.
5 P is to the left of M with a small gap between them.
6 K is at N’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object F is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 S is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 A is to the top right of U.
4 Q is positioned below X and to the right.
5 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 K is at M's 6 o'clock.
2 F is positioned above U and to the left.
3 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
4 M and C are parallel, and M on the right of C.
5 Y is to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	below	1
1 U is below M at 7 o'clock.
2 G is below and to the left of L.
3 V and O are parallel, and V on the right of O.
4 U is diagonally right and below H.
5 V is placed at the lower right of I.
6 U is diagonally left and above U.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E and D are horizontal and E is to the left of D.
2 E and P are both there with the object P below the object E.
3 E is at the lower side of U.
4 U is below R.
5 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
6 U is directly above Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 Y is on the top and T is at the bottom.
3 A is over there and V is on the right of it.
4 T is at A's 12 o'clock.
5 Z and Y are in a vertical line with Y below Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	above	1
1 I is to the left of W.
2 R is on the lower left of G.
3 P is on the upper right of H.
4 A is positioned above S and to the left.
5 H and A are parallel, and H on the left of A.
6 P presents right to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	left	1
1 D is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 T is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 N is on the left and D is on the right.
4 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
5 K and N are side by side with K on the top and N at the bottom.
6 H is diagonally right and below D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	right	1
1 U is below G at 4 o'clock.
2 T is to the upper left of J.
3 L presents lower right to U.
4 U is at the lower side of D.
5 The object K and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
6 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Y and B are parallel, and B is below Y.
2 C is south west of N.
3 S is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 E is on the lower left of Q.
5 C is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	right	1
1 W is over there and O is on the right of it.
2 G is positioned below and to the right of W.
3 I is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 K is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
5 Z is placed at the bottom of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	left	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
2 T and I are side by side with I at the bottom and T on the top.
3 C is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 C is sitting at the upper right position to G.
5 W presents below B.
6 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 Y is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 T is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 F is below M.
5 R is to the top right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	right	1
1 X and R are parallel, and X is to the right of R.
2 R is on the right and S is on the left.
3 I and R are horizontal and I is to the left of R.
4 F and E are both there with the object E below the object F.
5 I is diagonally to the upper left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 I is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
2 L is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 R is sitting at the lower right position to M.
4 C is below M at 7 o'clock.
5 R and W are parallel, and R on the left of W.
6 T and C are next to each other with C at the bottom T on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 F is lower right of X.
2 A is positioned above H.
3 Q is sitting at the top position to A.
4 W is above B and to the right of B.
5 H is directly below R.
6 B is sitting in the left direction of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	below	1
1 T and A are side by side with T to the left and A to the right.
2 Z and U are next to each other with Z on the left and U on the right.
3 S is over there and U is directly above it.
4 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
5 L and U are vertical and L is above U.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	below	1
1 L is above G with a small gap between them.
2 V is diagonally right and below S.
3 L is to the top right of J.
4 E is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
5 L is over there and S is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
2 Object K is below object C and to the right of it, too.
3 Y is below Q and to the right of Q.
4 B is diagonally to the bottom right of O.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
6 Q is to the left of B horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	below	1
1 U is on the left side and above W.
2 K is sitting in the left direction of Z.
3 L and W are parallel, and W is below L.
4 H is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
5 K and L are vertical and K is above L.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	below	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
2 P is south west of F.
3 Q is to the right of E horizontally.
4 Q is over there and Y is on the right of it.
5 S is directly south east of U.
6 Q is positioned in the top left corner of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 P is to the upper left of R.
2 T is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
3 T is below M and to the left of M.
4 J is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
5 I and J are vertical and I is below J.
6 If A is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 K is positioned in the top left corner of X.
3 G is to the bottom-right of B.
4 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
5 X and C are both there with the object C below the object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The objects I and A are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
3 U is positioned below and to the right of Q.
4 Q presents upper right to A.
5 Z and F are parallel, and Z on the left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 C is over there and G is on the left.
2 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
3 B is above N at 2 o'clock.
4 Q is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
5 G is directly north west of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	below	1
1 R is above V and to the right of V.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 I is upper left of P.
4 I is over there with V above.
5 I is on the left side of and below D.
6 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
2 R is over there with L below.
3 I is placed at the lower left of W.
4 P and L are horizontal and P is to the left of L.
5 Z and L are parallel, and Z on the right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 C is over there and D is directly above it.
2 D is lower right of W.
3 L is diagonally below F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 Z is placed at the upper right of J.
5 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 K and M are side by side with M at the bottom and K on the top.
2 K is to the top-right of I.
3 K is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
4 If L is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
5 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
6 B is sitting at the lower right position to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Z presents right to B.
2 Z is on the lower left of L.
3 Q and P are parallel, and Q is on top of P.
4 D presents right to F.
5 Z is positioned right to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 T is at M’s 9 o'clock.
2 T and Y are horizontal and T is to the left of Y.
3 The object T and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
4 Z is above I.
5 S is to the upper left of N.
6 C is below I at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the right of V horizontally.
2 X is at the bottom and B is on the top.
3 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 J is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
5 J is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object I.
2 P is sitting at the upper right position to X.
3 O is positioned up and to the right of X.
4 U is lower right of T.
5 O is positioned up and to the right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the bottom-left of B.
2 R is positioned left to I.
3 Y is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
4 I is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 V is above Y and to the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	left	1
1 W is to the top right of Y.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
3 C is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 I is below A with a small gap between them.
5 The objects I and W are over there. The object I is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
6 K and J are parallel, and J is below K.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there and U is on the right of it.
2 V is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
4 C is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
5 D and W are both there with the object D is to the left of object W.
6 D is over there and E is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 R is to the right of E.
2 W is on the right side to V.
3 Object E is below object I and to the left of it, too.
4 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object C.
5 I is directly south east of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the lower right position to G.
2 W is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
3 E is positioned left to Q.
4 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
5 W is on the left side and above A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 T is to the left of K horizontally.
3 T and Z are parallel, and Z is below T.
4 O is over there and K is on the left.
5 O is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 O is over X.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to E.
2 T is placed at the bottom of X.
3 S is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 B is over there and Y is directly below it.
5 If S is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	below	1
1 I presents lower right to P.
2 U is at D's 3 o'clock.
3 U is placed in the left direction of I.
4 I presents upper left to S.
5 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object V.
6 W and D are parallel, and D is below W.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper right of U.
2 K is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
3 U is on the right side to G.
4 T is positioned below X.
5 K is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	right	1
1 U presents upper left to P.
2 U is on the left side to K.
3 Q is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
4 S is positioned right to U.
5 B and Q are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
6 If J is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
2 A is over there and X is on the top of it.
3 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
4 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
5 Z is to the bottom right of Q.
6 Q is below J and to the left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 F is south west of Y.
2 F and A are next to each other with A at the bottom F on the top.
3 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
4 N is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
5 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 C is below and to the right of P.
2 B and P are parallel, and B is to the right of P.
3 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
4 Object L is above object F and to the left of it, too.
5 Q is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 B presents upper right to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	right	1
1 W is at the lower side of V.
2 The object G is positioned directly below the object U.
3 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
4 N is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
5 C is there and U is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
2 T is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
3 B is positioned below U and to the right.
4 B is to the top-right of F.
5 K is diagonally to the upper left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
2 N is upper right to A.
3 H is over there with C above.
4 B and N are both there with the object N below the object B.
5 Y is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned in the front right corner of E.
2 V is sitting in the left direction of R.
3 Q is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
4 N and R are parallel, and N is to the right of R.
5 N is below O with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	left	1
1 G is below K at 4 o'clock.
2 K is over there and J is directly below it.
3 L is to the left of G.
4 Object L is above object W and to the left of it, too.
5 If I is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	right	1
1 E is over there with S below.
2 I is diagonally left and above I.
3 T is to the upper left of I.
4 B is placed at the lower left of P.
5 V is below O.
6 I is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned above and to the left of T.
2 L is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
3 O is sitting at the upper left position to T.
4 Z is to the bottom-right of W.
5 O is positioned left to W.
6 I is over there and P is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 L is diagonally right and below T.
2 The object T is positioned directly below the object Y.
3 Q is to the left of Y horizontally.
4 L is to the upper left of D.
5 B is sitting at the lower position to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
2 O is positioned below I and to the left.
3 I presents right to P.
4 F and O are horizontal and F is to the left of O.
5 D and O are next to each other with O on the right and D on the left.
6 V is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K and L are parallel, and L is below K.
2 H is on the upper right of L.
3 N is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
4 H is above M and to the right of M.
5 H is placed at the upper right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	right	1
1 D is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
2 B and L are next to each other with L at the bottom B on the top.
3 V is below D at 7 o'clock.
4 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
5 D is to the bottom right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the left of Q.
2 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
3 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
4 C is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
6 T is over there and E is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 M and H are vertical and M is above H.
2 T is directly south east of H.
3 R is placed at the upper right of N.
4 Q is over there and K is on the left.
5 M is to the right of K horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 L is upper left of Z.
2 K is on top of V.
3 P is over there and B is on the top of it.
4 Object P is below object I and to the right of it, too.
5 Z is on the upper right of B.
6 P is directly below D.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 T is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
2 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
3 The object A is positioned directly below the object U.
4 O is placed at the lower right of X.
5 U presents upper left to R.
6 L is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the left side to B.
2 T is sitting in the right direction of J.
3 E and U are parallel, and E is under U.
4 H is to the left of Z horizontally.
5 U and B are horizontal and U is to the left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	right	1
1 N is diagonally right and below D.
2 Z is north east of V.
3 V is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
4 U is to the bottom left of A.
5 R is to the top-right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally right and above Z.
2 G is lower right of C.
3 Q is directly above Z.
4 I is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 If Q is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	left	1
1 C presents left to S.
2 H is at the bottom and B is on the top.
3 C is at the bottom of R vertically.
4 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
5 G and R are next to each other with R on the right and G on the left.
6 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the top and C is at the bottom.
2 J is above and to the left of U.
3 X is placed on the top of J.
4 V is placed at the bottom of P.
5 Z is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 J presents left to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting in the left direction of P.
2 J is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
3 P is positioned above O.
4 R is south west of O.
5 S is at the bottom of C and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	above	1
1 J is positioned in the lower right corner of D.
2 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
3 F is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
4 F is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 F is placed on the top of U.
6 I is below V.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	left	1
1 V is to the bottom-left of O.
2 I is upper right to U.
3 X is at W's 12 o'clock.
4 W and V are horizontal and W is to the left of V.
5 J is to the top-left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 R is at A's 12 o'clock.
2 P is over there and R is on the left of it.
3 If H is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
4 X is on the right and H is on the left.
5 M is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 R is on the same vertical plane directly above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the right and W is on the left.
2 Object I is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
3 X is positioned below Y.
4 J is at the lower side of Z.
5 If W is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
6 J is to the bottom left of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	right	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
2 Z is positioned below Q and to the left.
3 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object B.
4 C is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
5 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
6 X is on the right side to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 K is sitting in the left direction of N.
4 If M is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
5 M is at E's 3 o'clock.
6 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 N is upper left of E.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower righthand corner.
3 S is diagonally to the upper right of A.
4 G is diagonally left and above G.
5 A and N are parallel, and N is below A.
6 G is below T.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the left side of and below G.
2 A presents below G.
3 Z is to the bottom-left of J.
4 G and J are parallel, and G is to the right of J.
5 W is placed at the upper right of C.
6 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object G.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 F and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
3 F is diagonally right and below T.
4 H is positioned left to T.
5 K is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 F is placed at the lower right of M.
2 F is sitting at the lower left position to I.
3 R is placed on the top of M.
4 The objects R and C are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object C.
5 M is positioned right to J.
6 D presents lower left to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	below	1
1 P is over there with D above.
2 D presents below I.
3 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
4 J is above and to the right of S.
5 S is above I at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 U and D are side by side with U to the right and D to the left.
3 M is placed at the lower right of D.
4 P is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 S is below O and to the right of O.
6 D is on the top and T is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Y is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 N is above Q and to the left of Q.
3 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
4 S is at the bottom of Z vertically.
5 Z is on the top and N is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the left and Y is on the right.
2 L is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
3 Y is on top of L.
4 I is over there with H above.
5 Y is to the bottom-left of H.
6 V is over there and R is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the right of J horizontally.
2 Y and E are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
3 B and N are next to each other with N at the bottom B on the top.
4 B is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 K is to the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	left	1
1 L is below J with a small gap between them.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
3 E is above and to the right of K.
4 Y is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 D is placed at the upper left of S.
6 K is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	below	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
2 L is upper right to N.
3 N and F are parallel, and N on the right of F.
4 W and Y are horizontal and W is to the left of Y.
5 N presents upper right to X.
6 U and X are both there with the object U is to the left of object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the lower left position to M.
2 M is sitting at the lower position to U.
3 F is to the upper left of U.
4 F is directly north west of Q.
5 G is placed at the lower right of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object W and O are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 I is directly south east of Z.
3 The object U and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object U.
4 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
5 Z is directly north east of W.
6 J is to the bottom-right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to R.
2 P and D are both there with the object D below the object P.
3 W is placed on the top of C.
4 Q is below W at 7 o'clock.
5 Q is upper left of O.
6 I and W are horizontal and I is to the left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
2 X is at G’s 9 o'clock.
3 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
4 F is positioned above G.
5 R is to the bottom right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 V is sitting at the top position to G.
3 L and I are in a vertical line with I below L.
4 T is below M.
5 T is diagonally left and below B.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	above	1
1 H is above G at 10 o'clock.
2 H is positioned in the top left corner of D.
3 H is at W’s 9 o'clock.
4 Y and O are parallel, and Y on the left of O.
5 M and G are next to each other with M on the top and G at the bottom.
6 H is to the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	right	1
1 W and S are both there with the object S below the object W.
2 I is directly below N.
3 V is on top of F.
4 F is over there and I is directly below it.
5 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
6 A is above F.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	below	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
2 V is on the left side of and below O.
3 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
4 I is at the bottom of X vertically.
5 U is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 X is north east of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
2 C and R are parallel, and C is under R.
3 I is at the bottom and B is on the top.
4 C is diagonally right and below H.
5 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 X and B are next to each other with B at the bottom X on the top.
3 B is diagonally left and above B.
4 B is above P and to the right of P.
5 P is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned above G.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
3 V is over there and M is on the right.
4 M is positioned above P and to the right.
5 G and P are vertical and G is below P.
6 Q is under C.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the left and C is on the right.
2 A is upper left of W.
3 A is on the left side of and below E.
4 The object X and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object X.
5 A and X are both there with the object A is to the right of object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
2 T and L are horizontal and T is to the right of L.
3 Q is below G and to the left of G.
4 D presents lower left to F.
5 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
6 F is at the bottom of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	right	1
1 D is directly above M.
2 M is diagonally left and below H.
3 H is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
4 Y is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 O is positioned in the lower right corner of C.
6 Z and M are horizontal and Z is to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 C is directly north west of O.
2 H is at the lower side of C.
3 The object O and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
4 W is below T with a small gap between them.
5 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 X and J are both there with the object J below the object X.
2 D is placed in the left direction of Y.
3 S is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 U is positioned below T and to the right.
5 The object X is positioned directly below the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	below	1
1 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
2 U is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
3 A is sitting at the lower position to O.
4 B is above V.
5 D is south west of U.
6 V is to the left of U horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is positioned directly above the object E.
2 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
3 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
4 I is over there and G is directly below it.
5 P is at the lower side of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 T is upper left of V.
2 J and E are side by side with E at the bottom and J on the top.
3 T is positioned left to E.
4 E is sitting at the top position to W.
5 E is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 G and R are parallel, and G is to the right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	above	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of P.
2 T is sitting in the right direction of R.
3 R is placed in the right direction of E.
4 O is positioned up and to the right of B.
5 R is on the top and G is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 X is directly south east of J.
2 F is sitting in the right direction of Y.
3 O is at B's 12 o'clock.
4 O is positioned in the front right corner of F.
5 The object Y and E are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
6 D is directly below O.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	below	1
1 X is on the top side to E.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
3 T is over there and L is directly above it.
4 Q is at the bottom of D.
5 L is at D's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	below	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
2 R is directly south west of O.
3 L is to the top of U vertically.
4 X and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and X on the left.
5 J and I are horizontal and J is to the right of I.
6 X is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Y is north east of E.
2 T and K are parallel, and T on the right of K.
3 N is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
4 E is below and to the right of T.
5 K is on the right side and top of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 K is upper left of X.
2 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
3 I is directly below E.
4 C is to the bottom left of T.
5 P is to the right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	above	1
1 N is positioned below and to the right of C.
2 U is on the right side and top of M.
3 M is below E and to the left of E.
4 I is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 E is on the left side to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 R is below N at 4 o'clock.
2 K is on the top and R is at the bottom.
3 T is above S at 2 o'clock.
4 T is diagonally to the upper left of K.
5 E is positioned below and to the right of O.
6 R is diagonally right and above I.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 J and Q are vertical and J is above Q.
2 V and P are parallel, and V is under P.
3 Q is over there with P above.
4 N and Q are side by side with N to the right and Q to the left.
5 L is over there and N is on the top of it.
6 W is to the left of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	below	1
1 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
2 W presents lower right to K.
3 Object P is below object F and to the right of it, too.
4 O is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
5 F is above W and to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 P presents lower left to Q.
2 P is to the bottom-left of L.
3 V is placed in the right direction of W.
4 V is above N.
5 V is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
6 U is south west of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the bottom left of M.
2 U is positioned down and to the left of R.
3 The object A is positioned directly above the object G.
4 G is under U.
5 N and D are both there with the object N is to the right of object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned up and to the right of O.
2 P is positioned left to I.
3 L and A are side by side with L to the left and A to the right.
4 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
5 L presents upper left to O.
6 G is north west of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 Q is positioned above and to the left of J.
2 Y is placed at the upper left of K.
3 The object W and S are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
4 The object Y and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
5 K and S are side by side with S at the bottom and K on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 K is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 Y is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 N and X are both there with the object N above the object X.
4 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
5 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
6 N and G are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 E is upper left of H.
3 Q and F are in a horizontal line with F on the right.
4 F is positioned in the top left corner of J.
5 A is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 Q is sitting at the lower left position to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	right	1
1 K and I are next to each other with K on the left and I on the right.
2 J is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
3 The objects P and Y are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
4 J and N are both there with the object J is to the right of object N.
5 K is to the bottom-left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	right	1
1 C is at P's 6 o'clock.
2 G is placed at the lower left of T.
3 P is positioned down and to the left of T.
4 H is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
5 W is to the bottom left of T.
6 A is sitting at the upper right position to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	below	1
1 O is positioned down and to the left of M.
2 O and D are side by side with O to the right and D to the left.
3 U is on the top side to D.
4 Q and N are both there with the object N below the object Q.
5 M is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 V is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
2 G and J are side by side with G on the top and J at the bottom.
3 U presents right to O.
4 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
5 P is to the upper left of Y.
6 E and U are in a vertical line with U below E.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	right	1
1 N presents left to O.
2 O is diagonally right and below Q.
3 J is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 W is positioned above and to the left of O.
5 J is under O.
6 G is to the top of S vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the lower left of K.
2 C is positioned above K and to the left.
3 G is on the left side to F.
4 K is north west of R.
5 A is on the right side and top of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 H is above Y and to the left of Y.
3 N is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 C and H are vertical and C is above H.
5 Y is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	below	1
1 H is on the left and L is on the right.
2 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
3 G is north west of W.
4 V is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
5 L and P are next to each other with L on the left and P on the right.
6 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the left side of and below M.
2 M is to the top of L vertically.
3 The object D is positioned directly below the object L.
4 H is placed in the left direction of W.
5 If L is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
2 E and N are vertical and E is above N.
3 D is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 R is placed in the left direction of N.
5 N is at W's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	right	1
1 O and V are in a vertical line with V below O.
2 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
3 S is sitting at the upper right position to A.
4 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
5 B and L are parallel, and B is under L.
6 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	below	1
1 C is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
2 J presents below H.
3 B is on the lower left of J.
4 A is south west of J.
5 H and T are parallel, and H is on top of T.
6 Q is sitting at the lower right position to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	below	1
1 N is to the right of D.
2 N is south west of V.
3 X is over there and H is directly below it.
4 A and N are side by side with A on the top and N at the bottom.
5 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
6 S is diagonally right and above K.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 W is sitting at the lower left position to I.
2 W is sitting at the lower position to M.
3 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to Y.
4 I and Z are parallel, and Z is below I.
5 F and X are in a vertical line with X below F.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 O is lower left to F.
2 Q presents left to F.
3 F is positioned below P and to the left.
4 Z is north west of R.
5 Q is on the lower left of R.
6 C is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	below	1
1 E is diagonally right and below Y.
2 H and Y are side by side with H to the right and Y to the left.
3 P is to the top right of W.
4 T is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 T is positioned above E and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the right of S horizontally.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 W is placed in the left direction of S.
4 M is to the bottom-right of J.
5 S and L are in a vertical line with S on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 F is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Z is on the right side and top of F.
3 E is below N with a small gap between them.
4 S is positioned below N and to the left.
5 R is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
6 I is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	below	1
1 M and G are parallel, and M on the left of G.
2 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 T is directly south west of G.
4 F is over O.
5 N is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned in the front right corner of P.
2 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
3 M and V are parallel, and M is to the left of V.
4 Q is north east of P.
5 R is positioned in the front right corner of J.
6 F is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 I is placed at the upper left of Q.
2 G is below and to the right of I.
3 A is on the right side to U.
4 I is above and to the left of R.
5 A is on the right side to G.
6 Y is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	right	1
1 A is directly north west of F.
2 Z and M are side by side with Z to the right and M to the left.
3 R is sitting in the right direction of Q.
4 R is positioned in the front right corner of P.
5 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
6 J is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	left	1
1 O is upper right to M.
2 Z is on the left side to L.
3 The objects W and J are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
4 O and W are horizontal and O is to the right of W.
5 S is to the upper left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 C is placed at the lower left of F.
3 S is diagonally to the upper left of I.
4 X is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
5 The object Z and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
6 L is at the bottom of S vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 G and Z are both there with the object G is to the right of object Z.
2 S and D are vertical and S is below D.
3 Z is directly above C.
4 U is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 Z is over there and O is on the right of it.
6 U is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	right	1
1 T is on the top side to Q.
2 H is over there and Y is on the right of it.
3 S presents below E.
4 S and U are parallel, and S on the right of U.
5 Y and U are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
2 G is at B's 6 o'clock.
3 K and F are parallel, and K on the left of F.
4 O is to the upper left of E.
5 E presents left to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 P is directly below E.
2 The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 Object N is below object L and to the right of it, too.
4 Y is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
6 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 L is over there and S is on the right.
2 H is lower right of R.
3 M is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 K is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
5 H is on the top and T is at the bottom.
6 L is over T.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 F is placed in the left direction of D.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 G is sitting at the lower position to S.
4 H is placed in the right direction of G.
5 D is positioned below H and to the right.
6 P and W are parallel, and W is below P.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	left	1
1 D is directly below G.
2 Y is directly north east of X.
3 E is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 I is positioned above P and to the right.
5 F is placed in the right direction of X.
6 G and F are next to each other with F at the bottom G on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	above	1
1 F is on the top and D is at the bottom.
2 I is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
3 I and F are both there with the object I is to the right of object F.
4 A is to the bottom right of U.
5 I is placed on the top of U.
6 J is positioned right to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	above	1
1 L is placed in the right direction of H.
2 B and I are parallel, and B on the right of I.
3 Z and L are in a vertical line with L below Z.
4 C and L are parallel, and L is below C.
5 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
6 X and L are side by side with L at the bottom and X on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	above	1
1 B is positioned below and to the right of A.
2 Q is positioned above A.
3 L is to the bottom-right of B.
4 B and G are parallel, and G is below B.
5 U presents right to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents upper right to G.
2 Z is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 J is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
5 G is at O's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 V is diagonally to the bottom left of W.
2 P is at the bottom of V.
3 If B is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
4 S is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 E is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 N and W are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
2 D and V are horizontal and D is to the right of V.
3 E is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
4 E is on the top side to W.
5 Object C is below object W and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 J is over there and Z is on the right of it.
2 R is positioned below and to the right of Z.
3 X is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 U and W are side by side with U to the right and W to the left.
5 The objects X and J are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Q and U are parallel, and U is below Q.
2 S is directly south west of C.
3 V is diagonally above S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 F is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
5 F is positioned in the top left corner of U.
6 E and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the lower right of A.
2 O is below G at 4 o'clock.
3 L and O are parallel, and L is over O.
4 S is positioned above W and to the left.
5 A and Y are horizontal and A is to the right of Y.
6 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	right	1
1 Q is sitting at the top position to G.
2 C is on top of G.
3 X is above L at 10 o'clock.
4 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
5 Q is to the bottom right of A.
6 F is over there and A is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	below	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
2 I is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
3 P and X are parallel, and P on the left of X.
4 C is placed at the upper left of H.
5 P is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 U is above and to the right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is over there with Q above.
2 The object E and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 M and O are parallel, and M is under O.
4 N is below O and to the right of O.
5 E is positioned in the top left corner of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the right of P horizontally.
2 S is over there and Z is directly below it.
3 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
4 W is on the lower left of E.
5 Object Y is above object S and to the left of it, too.
6 T is on the lower left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	below	1
1 Q is on the lower left of W.
2 The object C and W are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
3 D is on the top and N is at the bottom.
4 I is above W at 2 o'clock.
5 I is at B's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	right	1
1 T presents upper left to K.
2 W is positioned below Y and to the right.
3 X and A are horizontal and X is to the left of A.
4 A is placed in the right direction of Q.
5 W and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	right	1
1 U is over there and D is on the right of it.
2 G presents right to B.
3 A is to the top right of D.
4 O is above G at 2 o'clock.
5 X is under Q.
6 O is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 E is lower right of Q.
2 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object W.
3 The object Y and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
4 J is lower left to W.
5 J is placed on the top of U.
6 W is to the upper left of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 D is above P and to the left of P.
2 L is at the lower side of Q.
3 J is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 P presents upper left to O.
5 G presents upper left to V.
6 Q is positioned left to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 J and D are parallel, and J is to the right of D.
2 U is over there and L is directly above it.
3 E is on the left side to J.
4 K is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
5 D and K are next to each other with K at the bottom D on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Q and W are both there with the object Q above the object W.
2 Y and R are parallel, and Y is under R.
3 Z and O are parallel, and Z is on top of O.
4 U is at T's 3 o'clock.
5 R is sitting at the lower right position to W.
6 Y and O are next to each other with O at the bottom Y on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
2 Y is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 O presents right to F.
4 I is over there and D is on the right.
5 G is directly north west of H.
6 I is positioned down and to the left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at the bottom of G vertically.
2 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
3 D is on the left side of and below W.
4 I and S are parallel, and I is to the right of S.
5 G is above Q and to the left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
2 N is south east of D.
3 The object W is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
4 P is lower left to K.
5 N and P are side by side with N on the top and P at the bottom.
6 U is below and to the right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	above	1
1 P is positioned above W and to the left.
2 H is to the bottom left of F.
3 N is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 P is on the upper right of N.
5 S and L are next to each other with S on the top and L at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 J is below and to the left of U.
2 U is below T with a small gap between them.
3 R is directly below Y.
4 D and J are next to each other with J at the bottom D on the top.
5 A presents below D.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 U and M are next to each other with U on the left and M on the right.
2 M is south west of W.
3 U is at the 3 o'clock position relative to E.
4 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
5 H is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y and L are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 P and Y are side by side with P to the left and Y to the right.
3 Y is diagonally to the upper left of F.
4 I is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face I.
5 U is above C and to the right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	left	1
1 N is at E's 12 o'clock.
2 M is above and to the right of L.
3 Q is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
4 A is placed at the upper left of C.
5 M is above E at 2 o'clock.
6 D is positioned below and to the right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 V is directly below O.
2 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
3 Z and S are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
4 S is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
5 E is to the left of U horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 X is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
3 N is over there with X below.
4 L is below S at 7 o'clock.
5 B is placed at the upper right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
2 H is upper right to A.
3 T is lower right of M.
4 R is to the top right of A.
5 L is lower left to T.
6 Q and I are in a vertical line with I below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 S is placed on the top of X.
2 F is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
3 B is under M.
4 X is positioned above E.
5 S is directly north west of F.
6 E is on the left and Z is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	right	1
1 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to U.
2 The objects R and G are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 W and V are parallel, and W is on top of V.
4 V is above B at 10 o'clock.
5 B is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	above	1
1 U is to the bottom left of Y.
2 U presents lower left to T.
3 Y is placed in the right direction of F.
4 I is diagonally to the upper right of E.
5 F is on the left side to Z.
6 Y is at the bottom and V is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned below D.
2 B is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 K is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
4 M is below D.
5 Z is positioned right to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 B is at N's 6 o'clock.
2 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
3 W is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face W.
4 I is on the lower right of V.
5 W is diagonally to the upper right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 T is lower left to L.
3 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object R.
4 S is south east of F.
5 L is above A with a small gap between them.
6 The object T is positioned directly above the object U.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	above	1
1 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
2 W is south east of Y.
3 K presents over W.
4 C is sitting at the upper left position to U.
5 Y presents below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of B.
2 A is on the right and W is on the left.
3 K is north west of E.
4 S is directly north west of Q.
5 J and A are side by side with J to the left and A to the right.
6 S presents upper right to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 D and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 D is above F at 10 o'clock.
3 Q is placed at the lower left of A.
4 R is positioned left to K.
5 G is sitting at the lower position to K.
6 M is over there and K is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	right	1
1 P is below F.
2 T is below U at 4 o'clock.
3 P is over there with K above.
4 F is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 L is positioned in the lower right corner of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned above and to the left of W.
2 L is at V's 6 o'clock.
3 U is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 P is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
5 U and L are side by side with U to the left and L to the right.
6 V is sitting at the lower position to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned up and to the right of F.
2 E is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
3 K is on the left side to M.
4 M is upper left of W.
5 W is directly north east of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	right	1
1 B is on the upper right of G.
2 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
3 V is placed at the lower right of B.
4 Z is upper left of G.
5 H is upper left of V.
6 The object L and X are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 U is placed in the right direction of P.
2 V is over there and P is directly below it.
3 D and A are in a vertical line with D on top.
4 O is positioned right to X.
5 O and V are next to each other with V on the right and O on the left.
6 H presents over U.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	left	1
1 K is placed in the left direction of O.
2 The object Y is positioned directly below the object F.
3 O is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
4 D is diagonally left and above D.
5 E is over there and H is on the right of it.
6 I is to the left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper left of D.
2 D is north east of W.
3 If R is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
4 O is on the left side of and below R.
5 If Y is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
6 X presents left to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 K is above T at 2 o'clock.
2 Q and I are both there with the object Q is to the right of object I.
3 W is over there with Q below.
4 I and C are parallel, and I is to the right of C.
5 U is to the right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
2 C is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
3 If Z is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
4 M and I are next to each other with I at the bottom M on the top.
5 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
2 N is positioned right to C.
3 U is on the right side to N.
4 If Y is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
5 K is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	right	1
1 C is above E.
2 K is on the top and W is at the bottom.
3 V is diagonally left and above V.
4 G is directly south east of R.
5 U is diagonally right and above W.
6 U is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 D is positioned above M and to the right.
3 Q and P are next to each other with Q on the left and P on the right.
4 R is directly north east of T.
5 T is at the bottom of M vertically.
6 P is upper right to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 S is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 U is positioned left to Y.
3 P is at G's 12 o'clock.
4 The objects H and M are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
5 P is at D's 3 o'clock.
6 H and G are parallel, and H is on top of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	below	1
1 T is on the left and P is on the right.
2 Y is diagonally right and above O.
3 O is below E and to the left of E.
4 O is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 Z and C are both there with the object Z is to the left of object C.
6 F presents lower left to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 U is at the bottom of H vertically.
2 The object T and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 U is below and to the left of G.
4 U is sitting at the upper right position to O.
5 N is on the top side to H.
6 G is on the right and W is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 D and E are parallel, and D is under E.
2 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
3 S is on the right side and below E.
4 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
5 H and Y are vertical and H is below Y.
6 T is placed at the bottom of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	below	1
1 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 U is at the lower side of S.
3 D is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 D is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
5 D is positioned below A and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	above	1
1 C is on the right and V is on the left.
2 Z is to the left of C horizontally.
3 O is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 B is lower left to H.
5 C is to the right of E horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	left	1
1 K is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
2 K is positioned in the front right corner of E.
3 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
4 A is above K at 10 o'clock.
5 F is to the upper left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	below	1
1 M is on the left side of and below B.
2 M and T are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
3 X is directly below H.
4 D is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
5 W and T are vertical and W is below T.
6 X presents left to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 L is above M at 2 o'clock.
3 The object G is positioned directly above the object D.
4 G is to the top of Q vertically.
5 D and V are in a vertical line with D on top.
6 D is above and to the right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
2 X is north west of Q.
3 A is over there and Q is on the right of it.
4 E is placed in the left direction of A.
5 Z is on the lower left of R.
6 X is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 S and V are next to each other with S on the top and V at the bottom.
3 F is diagonally to the upper right of L.
4 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
5 C is above R and to the left of R.
6 S is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 N and U are in a vertical line with U below N.
2 U and J are vertical and U is above J.
3 T is directly south west of C.
4 Y is at the bottom of N vertically.
5 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	above	1
1 R is on the right and M is on the left.
2 R is positioned in the front right corner of L.
3 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
4 The object M is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
5 K is upper right to R.
6 X and Y are parallel, and X on the left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	left	1
1 H is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
3 S is to the bottom-left of T.
4 J and F are parallel, and J on the left of F.
5 J is on the right side and top of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Y is diagonally left and below O.
2 O is to the bottom-right of P.
3 K and J are both there with the object J below the object K.
4 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object C.
5 C is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the right of I horizontally.
2 K presents right to D.
3 The objects Z and O are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
4 H is to the top-right of K.
5 Z presents upper right to X.
6 D is diagonally left and above D.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 C is placed at the upper left of I.
3 W is sitting in the left direction of S.
4 W is over there and C is on the top of it.
5 R and Q are side by side with R to the left and Q to the right.
6 Z is on the left side to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	below	1
1 M is north east of I.
2 W is to the right of N horizontally.
3 Y is north west of O.
4 J is below M and to the left of M.
5 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
6 M is sitting at the upper left position to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 X is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 H presents below X.
3 D and W are next to each other with W on the right and D on the left.
4 D is on the upper right of C.
5 Y is upper right to R.
6 U is above X and to the right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	left	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
2 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
3 T is on the left side of and below R.
4 R is on the right side and below D.
5 Object G is above object R and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P and W are parallel, and P is to the right of W.
2 U is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
3 U is positioned above and to the left of S.
4 B and F are side by side with B to the left and F to the right.
5 U is above Y and to the right of Y.
6 Y is to the right of J horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned below V and to the right.
2 N is to the upper left of I.
3 H is sitting in the left direction of V.
4 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
5 Q presents over N.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 T and O are horizontal and T is to the left of O.
2 H is positioned below N and to the left.
3 L is to the left of H.
4 H is below Z with a small gap between them.
5 C is below Z and to the right of Z.
6 N is over there and G is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	below	1
1 V is above Z at 10 o'clock.
2 F is over there and Z is directly above it.
3 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
4 G is below V at 7 o'clock.
5 F and C are next to each other with F on the left and C on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Object L is above object A and to the left of it, too.
2 W is diagonally below C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 V is to the bottom left of C.
4 E is to the upper left of C.
5 H is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 E presents below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 L and X are side by side with L to the right and X to the left.
2 G is sitting at the upper right position to J.
3 K is to the top-left of J.
4 R is placed at the lower right of F.
5 F is over there and J is on the left of it.
6 K is over Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 X is lower right of V.
2 U is to the top right of Z.
3 A and I are horizontal and A is to the left of I.
4 F is sitting at the lower position to U.
5 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	right	1
1 S is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 S is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
3 O is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
4 S is placed at the lower left of P.
5 J and C are side by side with J to the left and C to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
2 Q is above V at 10 o'clock.
3 I is south east of G.
4 G is below and to the right of B.
5 D is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	below	1
1 M is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
2 I is positioned above and to the left of Z.
3 K and Z are horizontal and K is to the right of Z.
4 Z and U are both there with the object Z is to the right of object U.
5 K is directly above Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the left of S.
2 B is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
3 R is positioned below T and to the right.
4 U is on the lower right of J.
5 Y and R are next to each other with R at the bottom Y on the top.
6 K is over there and R is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the left and Z is on the right.
2 T is upper right to S.
3 O is at the lower side of R.
4 If Z is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
5 The object O and G are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	above	1
1 The objects B and A are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 J is upper left of A.
3 X is diagonally right and below B.
4 J is at the lower side of O.
5 If C is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
6 A is at Z's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 K and Z are side by side with K to the left and Z to the right.
2 F is diagonally left and above F.
3 N is directly south east of M.
4 M and C are both there with the object M is to the right of object C.
5 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 R is placed at the lower left of D.
2 I is directly north east of R.
3 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
4 H is directly above Z.
5 N is above W with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 H is at Q's 12 o'clock.
2 M is over there and K is on the left.
3 H is to the top-right of A.
4 S is sitting at the top position to K.
5 H and M are parallel, and H is to the left of M.
6 J is on the right side to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 A is to the top-right of I.
2 Q presents below Y.
3 G is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
4 T is on the left and B is on the right.
5 G and T are side by side with G to the right and T to the left.
6 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	right	1
1 A is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 V and Y are parallel, and V on the left of Y.
3 R is positioned up and to the right of G.
4 Q presents upper left to S.
5 V is directly north west of S.
6 L is to the bottom left of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	below	1
1 J is directly above R.
2 H presents lower right to I.
3 S is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 I is below and to the right of X.
5 X is over there and Q is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 O is directly south west of B.
2 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
3 Q is over there and D is directly above it.
4 S is placed in the right direction of K.
5 X and I are in a vertical line with I below X.
6 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 G is above L at 2 o'clock.
2 O is on the left side to M.
3 U is to the top-right of X.
4 L and B are parallel, and L is to the left of B.
5 O and G are both there with the object O is to the right of object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 H is directly south west of J.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper righthand corner.
3 F is to the top of H vertically.
4 R is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
5 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
6 C is on the right and J is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	right	1
1 P and S are parallel, and P on the right of S.
2 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
3 B is sitting at the upper right position to E.
4 M is at the bottom and X is on the top.
5 T is placed on the top of W.
6 W is positioned below X.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
2 C is on the top side to B.
3 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
4 C and J are horizontal and C is to the left of J.
5 U is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 L is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face L.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 P presents below H.
2 H and V are next to each other with H on the left and V on the right.
3 Q is north west of C.
4 I is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
5 P is to the bottom right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	above	1
1 N is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
2 The object S and U are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 F is over there and N is on the top of it.
4 The object A and P are there. The object A is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
5 D is to the bottom-right of N.
6 N is sitting at the top position to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 I is lower right of T.
2 T is positioned right to O.
3 E is on the right and O is on the left.
4 H is placed at the upper right of E.
5 A is below and to the left of F.
6 T is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	left	1
1 T is north east of H.
2 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
3 N is positioned down and to the left of T.
4 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
5 H is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
6 F is positioned above H and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 J is placed on the top of T.
2 The object O is positioned directly above the object J.
3 M is placed at the lower left of F.
4 O is over R.
5 P is over there and H is on the left of it.
6 R is sitting at the top position to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 X is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face X.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
3 O is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
4 G is lower left to N.
5 J and G are parallel, and J is over G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 S is over there with C above.
3 The object N and D are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
4 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Q.
5 B is placed at the lower left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	right	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
2 R is sitting at the lower position to P.
3 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
4 H is to the top-right of P.
5 R and J are side by side with R to the left and J to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 Y is sitting at the 6:00 position to F.
2 X is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 T is on the right side and top of O.
4 The object W is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
5 M and X are horizontal and M is to the left of X.
6 X is diagonally to the upper right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	below	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of K.
2 X and J are horizontal and X is to the left of J.
3 H is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 J and G are horizontal and J is to the left of G.
5 W is at the bottom and G is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 A is over there and I is on the left of it.
3 Z and W are side by side with Z to the left and W to the right.
4 N is at the lower side of D.
5 I is over there and K is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over F.
2 R is on the lower right of M.
3 H and E are parallel, and H is to the right of E.
4 R and O are side by side with R to the left and O to the right.
5 Y is above Z at 2 o'clock.
6 M and Y are horizontal and M is to the left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 U is at P’s 9 o'clock.
2 U is sitting at the upper left position to T.
3 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object T.
4 I is positioned above P.
5 D is above V and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	below	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
2 V is south west of E.
3 The objects K and N are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
4 Q is above and to the left of L.
5 N is placed at the upper left of U.
6 V is to the bottom left of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	below	1
1 I is on the right side and below E.
2 S is lower right of J.
3 B is over there and M is on the left.
4 J is below and to the right of B.
5 N is north east of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 W is below and to the right of Y.
2 W and D are next to each other with D at the bottom W on the top.
3 F is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 J is above D with a small gap between them.
5 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
6 I is placed in the left direction of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 R is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 X is positioned right to K.
3 R and G are next to each other with R on the left and G on the right.
4 K is positioned right to L.
5 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object G.
6 E is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	left	1
1 R is below and to the right of I.
2 N is positioned left to B.
3 B is at the lower side of I.
4 O is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 N is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	below	1
1 O is over there with A below.
2 W is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 U presents left to W.
4 Q and I are parallel, and Q is over I.
5 A is above U at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	right	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Y and N are parallel, and Y is on top of N.
3 Y is positioned right to P.
4 N is positioned above U and to the right.
5 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
6 J is sitting in the left direction of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Z is over there and A is directly below it.
2 S is over there and N is directly below it.
3 R presents upper right to A.
4 Z and W are side by side with Z to the right and W to the left.
5 B is over there and Z is on the right.
6 B is above M and to the right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 W is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 C is on the right side and top of W.
3 H is diagonally right and above V.
4 G is at the lower side of T.
5 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
6 I is positioned below and to the right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 R is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
3 S is to the top of I vertically.
4 M is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 R is placed in the right direction of O.
6 M is directly north east of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned right to I.
2 I is sitting at the lower left position to G.
3 U is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
4 D is above P and to the right of P.
5 G is to the bottom-left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 E and D are parallel, and E is to the right of D.
2 P is to the top right of G.
3 T is positioned above and to the left of A.
4 T is above M at 2 o'clock.
5 A is to the bottom-right of C.
6 P is at C's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 L is positioned in the top left corner of W.
2 D is above V with a small gap between them.
3 C is to the bottom-left of W.
4 L is over there and I is on the right of it.
5 U is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
6 W is over there with G above.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	above	1
1 W is at O's 3 o'clock.
2 T is below S and to the right of S.
3 L and J are parallel, and L on the right of J.
4 O presents left to L.
5 H is on the top of L and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	above	1
1 V is to the top right of S.
2 K is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
3 The object S is positioned directly above the object Q.
4 E is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
5 The objects E and A are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	below	1
1 C is at L's 3 o'clock.
2 I is placed at the bottom of Y.
3 I is positioned below and to the right of J.
4 M is to the bottom-right of O.
5 C is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	below	1
1 U and S are side by side with S at the bottom and U on the top.
2 X is on the top and G is at the bottom.
3 R is to the left of Z.
4 Z is on the left side and above H.
5 M is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
6 M and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	left	1
1 H is to the upper left of D.
2 X presents over M.
3 Z and Y are both there with the object Z is to the left of object Y.
4 A is positioned above Z and to the left.
5 D is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the top of N vertically.
2 G is placed at the upper left of E.
3 O is at E's 12 o'clock.
4 The object M is positioned directly above the object F.
5 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
6 O and H are both there with the object H below the object O.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 P is to the top right of A.
3 E is upper left of J.
4 U is to the left of L.
5 If V is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
6 M is above and to the left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	left	1
1 D is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 A is to the top-left of O.
3 G is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
4 Y is placed at the bottom of H.
5 Y is positioned up and to the right of S.
6 L and H are parallel, and L is on top of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	below	1
1 E is above and to the right of X.
2 J is positioned above X.
3 M is below E and to the left of E.
4 G is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
5 J is directly south west of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	below	1
1 N is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object J.
3 B is positioned below J and to the right.
4 U is over there and D is on the left.
5 B is above and to the left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z presents lower right to W.
2 W and N are both there with the object W is to the right of object N.
3 O is positioned left to Y.
4 H is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
5 J is sitting in the right direction of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 P and V are horizontal and P is to the right of V.
2 N is sitting at the upper right position to B.
3 W is over there with P above.
4 H is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 K is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 V is directly south east of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	above	1
1 I is on top of D.
2 E is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
3 R presents left to A.
4 J and D are in a vertical line with J on top.
5 J is on the lower left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 B is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face B.
2 K is below B.
3 O is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
5 K and H are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	left	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
3 V presents upper right to P.
4 Z is to the upper left of S.
5 V is sitting at the lower right position to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the lower left of Q.
2 Y is to the top of O vertically.
3 O is on the left side of and below I.
4 S is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
5 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
6 U is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to S.
2 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
3 O presents upper right to U.
4 S is on the right and I is on the left.
5 I is directly below O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	above	1
1 Q is below and to the left of P.
2 A is placed at the lower right of Z.
3 A and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
4 Z is positioned above M and to the right.
5 P is south east of V.
6 R presents right to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 T is at O's 3 o'clock.
2 I is to the top-right of O.
3 C is on the upper right of T.
4 O is above J at 2 o'clock.
5 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 I is above Y.
3 A is positioned above Y and to the right.
4 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
5 F is positioned above and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D presents lower left to G.
2 T is at the bottom of N.
3 W is directly north west of J.
4 T and R are both there with the object T above the object R.
5 G is directly north east of T.
6 G is positioned above O and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	below	1
1 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
2 The objects G and C are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 I is to the top-right of B.
4 C is above and to the left of K.
5 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
6 Z is on the right side and top of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	right	1
1 O is over Y.
2 Object I is below object W and to the right of it, too.
3 M presents right to B.
4 O is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 W is below X with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The objects W and E are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 M is positioned above K.
3 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
4 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
5 W is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 B is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 N is at the lower side of F.
3 C is over there and R is directly below it.
4 O is sitting at the top position to N.
5 R is positioned above N.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	above	1
1 H and U are parallel, and H is on top of U.
2 R is lower left to H.
3 A is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 H is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
5 W and Z are side by side with W to the right and Z to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
2 C is diagonally above S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 W is to the upper left of M.
4 N is above I at 10 o'clock.
5 Object M is above object I and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 D is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 G is above Z and to the left of Z.
3 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
4 R is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 F is on the lower left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	right	1
1 L is to the top of O vertically.
2 D is diagonally right and above J.
3 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
4 D is on the upper right of C.
5 R is upper left of V.
6 E is over there and V is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	right	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
2 O is positioned down and to the left of V.
3 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
4 M and L are parallel, and M is over L.
5 F presents lower right to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 O and P are side by side with O to the right and P to the left.
2 A is directly south west of T.
3 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
4 X and O are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
5 Z is positioned in the front right corner of P.
6 O is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	below	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 S is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 C is directly above J.
4 J is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 K is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	left	1
1 W is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
2 W and H are parallel, and H is below W.
3 S is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
4 S is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
5 I is under N.
6 K is over there and L is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	left	1
1 R is north west of O.
2 B is to the bottom-left of F.
3 B is sitting at the lower position to G.
4 N is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
5 M is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 G and R are next to each other with R at the bottom G on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the top-left of A.
2 H is placed on the top of B.
3 J is above B at 10 o'clock.
4 Y and J are parallel, and Y is over J.
5 R is over there and J is directly below it.
6 T is to the upper left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
2 B is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Z is directly north west of U.
4 H and K are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
5 B is at N's 6 o'clock.
6 I is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
3 J is at the lower side of S.
4 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
5 Y is diagonally left and below B.
6 Y is below E.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 F and Z are parallel, and F is to the left of Z.
2 B is above A with a small gap between them.
3 Z is above E at 10 o'clock.
4 Y is to the bottom-left of F.
5 F is upper right to G.
6 D is positioned below F.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned below and to the right of M.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 7 and 8.
3 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 S is sitting at the top position to A.
5 E is placed at the lower right of T.
6 Q is positioned above and to the left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 U and K are side by side with U to the left and K to the right.
2 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object J.
3 H is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
4 C and K are both there with the object K below the object C.
5 Q is to the bottom left of K.
6 E presents lower right to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	above	1
1 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
2 P is to the left of Z horizontally.
3 Z is directly north west of L.
4 C is directly above Z.
5 R is at the bottom and C is on the top.
6 Y is diagonally right and above B.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
2 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
3 U is placed in the right direction of W.
4 The object E is positioned directly above the object M.
5 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
6 M is positioned up and to the right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 P is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 P and W are parallel, and P is to the left of W.
4 F is over I.
5 Z is at the bottom of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the bottom right of S.
2 B is above M at 10 o'clock.
3 P is above S.
4 S is directly south east of B.
5 D is diagonally to the upper right of H.
6 F is sitting at the upper left position to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the lower left of P.
2 D is below U with a small gap between them.
3 S and X are next to each other with X at the bottom S on the top.
4 U is on the top side to S.
5 Object A is above object J and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	below	1
1 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
2 F is diagonally right and below I.
3 F is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 O is over Y.
5 D and U are in a horizontal line with U on the right.
6 B is over there and O is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 K is below F at 4 o'clock.
2 V is positioned left to Y.
3 Object I is below object S and to the right of it, too.
4 Y is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 F is under X.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 The object J and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 A is sitting at the lower right position to C.
3 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
4 R is to the bottom-right of N.
5 C is placed at the upper left of Y.
6 A is over R.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
2 K is below S at 4 o'clock.
3 D is diagonally right and above B.
4 I is sitting at the upper right position to A.
5 B is positioned above F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 U is directly above O.
3 K is above B with a small gap between them.
4 U is diagonally left and below K.
5 O is to the upper left of W.
6 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 B and J are parallel, and B on the right of J.
2 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
3 F is to the bottom-right of J.
4 Q is positioned left to F.
5 G is below and to the left of N.
6 B is at the bottom and G is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of L.
2 I is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
3 L is above H and to the left of H.
4 The object D is positioned directly above the object M.
5 H is at the bottom and C is on the top.
6 G is to the right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 U and A are both there with the object U is to the right of object A.
2 C is on the left side and above M.
3 C and R are parallel, and R is below C.
4 Y is directly south east of M.
5 C is diagonally left and above C.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	right	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above N.
2 I is positioned above H and to the right.
3 R presents right to V.
4 V is positioned right to A.
5 R is to the bottom-right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	left	1
1 A is lower left to R.
2 X is placed at the upper right of A.
3 X is diagonally right and below V.
4 A is positioned above and to the left of B.
5 N is north east of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 E is below and to the left of P.
2 U is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Z is below W.
4 N is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
5 P is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
6 E is lower left to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of J.
2 V is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 J is sitting at the lower position to B.
4 V is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
6 N is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting at the top position to E.
2 F is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 S is over there and V is directly below it.
4 S is on the top side to F.
5 Y is on the upper right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	above	1
1 C is positioned in the front right corner of U.
2 P is placed at the lower left of U.
3 C is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face C.
4 K is positioned above E.
5 C is diagonally to the bottom right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 J is to the bottom-right of P.
3 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
4 W and Z are both there with the object Z below the object W.
5 U is diagonally left and above U.
6 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
2 Y is below and to the left of H.
3 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
4 T is below O and to the left of O.
5 I is to the right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 U is over there and M is directly below it.
2 T is on the left side of and below N.
3 U is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
4 Z is at the bottom of X vertically.
5 Z is to the upper left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 J and E are side by side with E at the bottom and J on the top.
2 S and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
3 The object Q and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
4 The object J and F are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
5 D is below J.
6 S is south west of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	below	1
1 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
2 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
3 W and Q are next to each other with W on the left and Q on the right.
4 S and Q are parallel, and S is under Q.
5 U is to the right of G horizontally.
6 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	above	1
1 Z is directly south east of H.
2 H is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object H.
4 V is over C.
5 X and B are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
6 V is above K at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of L.
2 K is over there and X is directly below it.
3 N is to the top-right of M.
4 N is diagonally to the upper right of G.
5 X is to the bottom right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 O presents left to B.
2 Z is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
3 The object Z is positioned directly below the object E.
4 L is directly north west of R.
5 L is above E at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 P and Y are parallel, and P is over Y.
2 O is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
3 T presents lower right to I.
4 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
5 L is above T with a small gap between them.
6 Y is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	above	1
1 Q is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 F is to the right of D horizontally.
3 F is on the right side and below U.
4 P is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
5 J presents lower left to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The objects U and M are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 Y is below M and to the right of M.
3 O is over there and M is on the left.
4 M is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
5 C and D are parallel, and C is to the left of D.
6 T is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally left and below C.
2 H is above and to the right of J.
3 R is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
4 P and J are side by side with P to the right and J to the left.
5 W is positioned right to F.
6 H is on the top side to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 U and C are parallel, and C is below U.
2 R is at the bottom of C.
3 I is sitting in the right direction of C.
4 I and G are parallel, and I is to the left of G.
5 U is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
6 S is on the right and B is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	right	1
1 S is positioned left to E.
2 X and T are parallel, and X on the right of T.
3 D and R are next to each other with D on the left and R on the right.
4 Z is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
5 Z presents left to T.
6 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	right	1
1 X is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 V is diagonally to the upper left of R.
3 E is on the lower right of R.
4 V presents right to T.
5 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
2 J is below E at 7 o'clock.
3 X and V are side by side with X on the top and V at the bottom.
4 P is to the bottom left of R.
5 P is placed in the right direction of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Y is positioned below and to the right of J.
2 Q is directly south west of M.
3 F is placed at the upper right of B.
4 The object Q and B are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
5 N is below F at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Z and S are next to each other with Z on the left and S on the right.
2 F is on the left side to U.
3 R and M are vertical and R is below M.
4 If S is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
5 V is to the bottom-right of G.
6 S is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	right	1
1 J is above N and to the left of N.
2 R and L are parallel, and R is under L.
3 U is at L's 3 o'clock.
4 Y is to the left of R.
5 J is to the left of Y.
6 W is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	left	1
1 B is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 B is on top of A.
3 W is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 Q and U are both there with the object Q is to the left of object U.
5 Q is to the left of L.
6 U is under B.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 C presents upper right to E.
2 U is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
3 U presents lower left to F.
4 The object W is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
5 W is over there and K is directly below it.
6 Y presents upper right to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	right	1
1 V is diagonally left and above V.
2 D is over there and A is directly above it.
3 J is to the bottom-right of D.
4 F is to the top-right of S.
5 W is directly south west of F.
6 W is sitting at the lower left position to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 U is at Y's 6 o'clock.
2 F is to the top of P vertically.
3 I is on the lower right of F.
4 I is positioned above U.
5 C is to the left of M horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
2 U and B are parallel, and U is to the right of B.
3 D and U are both there with the object D is to the left of object U.
4 B is positioned in the top left corner of E.
5 H is on the right side and top of W.
6 F is above L and to the right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the right of V.
2 K is to the top-left of I.
3 V is at the lower side of N.
4 K is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 Object M is below object F and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	right	1
1 Q and R are next to each other with R at the bottom Q on the top.
2 Z and N are next to each other with Z on the left and N on the right.
3 R is over there and U is on the right.
4 Q is to the top-right of H.
5 V is positioned right to B.
6 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	above	1
1 L is positioned in the lower right corner of D.
2 Q and X are parallel, and Q is to the left of X.
3 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
4 Object O is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
5 X is below H and to the left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Z and W are parallel, and Z on the right of W.
2 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
3 J is at O's 12 o'clock.
4 Z is on the lower right of O.
5 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
6 J is sitting at the upper left position to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	right	1
1 Z is over X.
2 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
3 If F is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
4 T is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 F is positioned in the top left corner of T.
6 E is upper left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 W is sitting at the lower right position to E.
2 T is above B at 2 o'clock.
3 W is diagonally right and above S.
4 S is positioned down and to the left of M.
5 X is on the top side to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 K and G are side by side with K to the left and G to the right.
2 X and B are side by side with X to the right and B to the left.
3 K presents left to M.
4 G is directly above L.
5 D is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
6 G is at the lower side of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 E is over there and Z is on the left.
2 The object T and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 S is sitting at the upper right position to I.
4 S is to the top-right of T.
5 C presents upper left to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
2 J presents lower left to E.
3 S and L are vertical and S is above L.
4 A and S are vertical and A is below S.
5 I is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	right	1
1 Z is positioned left to V.
2 K is to the bottom left of V.
3 E is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
4 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to R.
5 Z is placed in the left direction of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to Q.
2 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
3 Q is on the left and Z is on the right.
4 I is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 E and J are next to each other with J at the bottom E on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	right	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
2 M presents lower left to C.
3 A is positioned below P and to the left.
4 M is diagonally to the upper right of T.
5 I is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 H is diagonally to the bottom left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 H is placed at the upper left of E.
2 H is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
3 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
4 Z is over there and U is on the left of it.
5 P is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 J is above X and to the right of X.
2 R is at the lower side of W.
3 W is to the bottom-right of Y.
4 N is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 D is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 M is under R.
3 A presents over H.
4 N is to the top-right of V.
5 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
6 L is diagonally left and above L.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	above	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 K is north east of V.
3 V presents right to Y.
4 V is north east of A.
5 J is to the upper left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 K is above and to the right of T.
3 The objects K and M are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
4 E and H are side by side with E to the right and H to the left.
5 I is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	right	1
1 G is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
3 P is over F.
4 G is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
5 M is below J and to the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	above	1
1 M is diagonally left and above M.
2 The object Z and K are there. The object Z is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 D is to the right of N.
4 B is on top of D.
5 The object B is positioned directly below the object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	below	1
1 B and G are parallel, and B is under G.
2 V presents right to P.
3 L presents over B.
4 W is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
5 L is over there and W is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the right and W is on the left.
2 Y and G are parallel, and Y is on top of G.
3 G is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
4 S is positioned up and to the right of I.
5 G is placed on the top of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	right	1
1 I is south west of Y.
2 D is positioned below R.
3 U is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 L is there and C is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 D is on top of U.
6 S is diagonally to the upper right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	below	1
1 M and H are next to each other with H at the bottom M on the top.
2 Y is sitting in the left direction of W.
3 I is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
4 K is on the right and I is on the left.
5 K is on the top side to W.
6 I and R are parallel, and I on the left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 X is at the bottom of O.
2 X is sitting at the lower position to F.
3 D is positioned left to Y.
4 O is diagonally left and below U.
5 O is on the left and A is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 G presents below L.
2 M and E are vertical and M is above E.
3 M is over there and V is on the top of it.
4 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
5 If J is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	above	1
1 L is to the bottom right of W.
2 I is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 L is above A with a small gap between them.
4 N is south west of Q.
5 L is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
6 Z is placed at the lower right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the top position to B.
2 Y is over there and G is on the right of it.
3 O is on the left side of and below C.
4 P is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
5 U is diagonally left and below B.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
2 R is sitting in the left direction of S.
3 J is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
4 R and T are vertical and R is above T.
5 M and K are parallel, and M is to the left of K.
6 P is south east of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object R and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 D is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
3 S is above K and to the right of K.
4 T presents below E.
5 K is to the left of T.
6 U is to the right of S horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the right of G.
2 T is under O.
3 X is on the left side to T.
4 G is to the top-right of O.
5 N is directly north east of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the bottom of A.
2 O is above S and to the left of S.
3 S is to the top right of N.
4 N is positioned up and to the right of V.
5 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 K and P are parallel, and K on the left of P.
2 J is above O.
3 C is at O's 3 o'clock.
4 S and C are both there with the object C below the object S.
5 E and O are vertical and E is above O.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	above	1
1 F is sitting at the lower right position to Q.
2 H is below and to the left of Q.
3 F is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Object H is below object K and to the left of it, too.
5 D is to the bottom right of A.
6 X and G are parallel, and X is under G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	above	1
1 N is over there with R above.
2 R is south west of B.
3 Y is over there and N is on the right.
4 X is sitting at the upper left position to N.
5 The object P and M are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 C is upper right to O.
2 B is on the left side of and below R.
3 U is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
4 F and O are horizontal and F is to the right of O.
5 H is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 P is at W's 3 o'clock.
2 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
3 M and L are parallel, and L is below M.
4 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
5 L is placed at the bottom of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	below	1
1 C and Q are both there with the object C is to the right of object Q.
2 O is placed at the bottom of D.
3 M is on the right side and top of Q.
4 Q is on the left and V is on the right.
5 M and P are parallel, and M is to the right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	right	1
1 I and J are both there with the object I above the object J.
2 X is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 O presents over I.
4 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
5 L is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	above	1
1 V is over there and T is on the top of it.
2 The objects S and N are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 T is sitting at the upper right position to S.
4 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
5 H and Z are parallel, and H is to the left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the top-right of P.
2 A is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
3 I is on the lower left of P.
4 Q and B are parallel, and Q is to the left of B.
5 O and D are side by side with O on the top and D at the bottom.
6 H is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	left	1
1 J and X are both there with the object J is to the right of object X.
2 W presents lower left to U.
3 Q is positioned above X and to the right.
4 X is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
5 Q is on the right side and top of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	above	1
1 T is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 Q is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
3 If X is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
4 E is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
5 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
6 F is placed at the bottom of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 X is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 J and B are vertical and J is above B.
3 X is to the bottom left of W.
4 V is to the bottom-right of T.
5 U and W are side by side with U to the right and W to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 O and X are next to each other with O on the top and X at the bottom.
2 O is below S.
3 V and W are parallel, and V on the left of W.
4 T is on the lower right of A.
5 X is lower right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 W is over X.
2 I is directly north east of X.
3 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
4 P and I are both there with the object I below the object P.
5 Y is over there and J is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	above	1
1 A is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
2 The object R and U are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
4 H is at Y's 12 o'clock.
5 If J is the center of a clock face, E is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	above	1
1 P and J are both there with the object J below the object P.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
3 F is below L at 4 o'clock.
4 S is sitting at the upper left position to P.
5 J is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 Q and P are next to each other with Q on the left and P on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
2 C is on the right side to O.
3 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object W.
4 F is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
5 L is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face L.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Object Q is below object A and to the left of it, too.
2 C is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 C is above A.
4 H is positioned above Y.
5 B and M are side by side with B to the left and M to the right.
6 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
2 V is positioned above X.
3 Object V is above object P and to the left of it, too.
4 T is placed on the top of W.
5 V and Z are parallel, and V on the right of Z.
6 S and P are parallel, and S on the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	above	1
1 Q is to the right of O horizontally.
2 Q is above and to the right of E.
3 E is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 F is placed at the bottom of T.
5 C is upper right to G.
6 P and Q are side by side with P to the left and Q to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 F is directly south west of U.
2 U is on the top side to H.
3 G is upper right to P.
4 A is below H and to the right of H.
5 E is at U's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	right	1
1 Q and D are next to each other with D on the right and Q on the left.
2 B and D are both there with the object D below the object B.
3 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
4 P and K are parallel, and P is to the right of K.
5 If L is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
6 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	left	1
1 K is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
3 L is placed at the lower left of Q.
4 If W is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
5 A is positioned below P and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 E is south west of Z.
2 A is above K with a small gap between them.
3 M and N are both there with the object M is to the right of object N.
4 B is lower right of M.
5 O is on the top and K is at the bottom.
6 O is positioned above M and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 K is below B at 4 o'clock.
2 S is diagonally to the bottom left of G.
3 If L is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
4 B and T are side by side with B to the left and T to the right.
5 S is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	below	1
1 K is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
3 K is sitting at the upper left position to N.
4 V is south east of N.
5 P is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 J is upper left of R.
3 Z is on the left side of and below N.
4 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
5 C and Y are next to each other with C on the top and Y at the bottom.
6 C is positioned left to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the top position to N.
2 D is to the right of E.
3 J is directly south east of S.
4 J is above N and to the left of N.
5 S is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 F is below and to the left of E.
2 E is positioned right to K.
3 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
4 W is diagonally left and below X.
5 I is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
6 R presents lower left to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 The object X is positioned directly above the object G.
3 N is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
4 N is above G.
5 S and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and S on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	above	1
1 T is at N’s 9 o'clock.
2 T is directly north west of B.
3 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object S.
4 Z is on the right side to T.
5 N is on the left side to W.
6 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object R.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	left	1
1 I is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 T is lower right of A.
3 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to I.
4 M is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
5 D is above and to the right of G.
6 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	above	1
1 F is over there and K is directly above it.
2 E is on the lower left of L.
3 R is sitting at the top position to L.
4 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
5 E is at the bottom of F.
6 B is positioned below and to the right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 H and L are parallel, and H is to the right of L.
2 G is lower right of O.
3 F is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 M is to the right of I horizontally.
5 The object F is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	below	1
1 Z is diagonally left and below P.
2 N is directly below B.
3 N and U are both there with the object U below the object N.
4 B and P are parallel, and B is on top of P.
5 R is placed at the upper right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 P is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 M is placed at the upper left of P.
3 If A is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
4 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
5 K is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	left	1
1 F and I are parallel, and I is below F.
2 B is above X and to the right of X.
3 D is placed in the right direction of B.
4 L presents upper left to B.
5 N and C are parallel, and N is under C.
6 N is over D.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 Y and J are vertical and Y is below J.
2 J is above A and to the right of A.
3 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
4 U and J are vertical and U is below J.
5 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
6 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object D.
2 I is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 D is sitting in the right direction of W.
4 W and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
5 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 D is diagonally right and above X.
2 C and H are parallel, and C on the left of H.
3 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
4 N and H are horizontal and N is to the left of H.
5 K is directly above T.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 E is on the left side to B.
2 Object E is below object I and to the right of it, too.
3 B is sitting at the lower position to U.
4 G is north east of B.
5 L is positioned in the top left corner of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	right	1
1 R is on the lower left of G.
2 E and P are parallel, and E is under P.
3 I is to the left of R.
4 J is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 Object J is above object F and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 O is below L with a small gap between them.
2 P is to the upper left of W.
3 O is on the left and A is on the right.
4 B presents right to L.
5 B is placed in the left direction of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 C is placed in the left direction of T.
2 W is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 T is over there and W is on the left.
4 W is north west of F.
5 D is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	left	1
1 H presents lower right to J.
2 H is below Q at 7 o'clock.
3 W presents left to C.
4 G is at F's 12 o'clock.
5 C is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 Q is to the bottom-left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	left	1
1 J is at the bottom of D.
2 X is positioned below Q.
3 L is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
4 J is below Q and to the right of Q.
5 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
6 E and A are in a vertical line with A below E.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
2 Q is positioned down and to the left of T.
3 J is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 I is at the bottom of M vertically.
5 G and S are side by side with G to the right and S to the left.
6 I and J are side by side with J at the bottom and I on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 U is directly south east of W.
2 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
3 H and B are in a vertical line with H on top.
4 T is positioned left to K.
5 K is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 V is below R and to the right of R.
2 M is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 M is sitting at the lower position to P.
4 I is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
5 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	left	1
1 K is south east of I.
2 E is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
3 U and I are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
4 Q is to the upper left of J.
5 J is positioned above X.
6 K is above Q with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the upper right position to J.
2 T is on the left side to N.
3 K is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 G and E are both there with the object G is to the left of object E.
5 A is above and to the right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 K is over there with R below.
3 R is placed at the upper left of S.
4 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
5 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
2 I is below and to the left of O.
3 B is positioned in the top left corner of I.
4 K is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
5 C is below and to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the top of I vertically.
2 G and H are parallel, and G is to the right of H.
3 O is over there and H is on the right.
4 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
5 Y is directly north west of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	right	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
2 P is directly south east of Z.
3 J and Z are next to each other with J on the top and Z at the bottom.
4 P is above W at 10 o'clock.
5 Z is below V at 4 o'clock.
6 O is diagonally right and below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there and W is on the right of it.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 4 and 5.
3 Z is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 K is on the right side and top of T.
5 E is below G with a small gap between them.
6 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	below	1
1 F is below and to the left of G.
2 O is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
3 A and G are in a vertical line with A on top.
4 A is positioned above and to the left of O.
5 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
6 E and O are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 E is on the lower left of I.
3 F is to the upper left of D.
4 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
5 W presents lower left to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	above	1
1 D is to the top right of Z.
2 M is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 S is to the bottom left of Q.
4 Z and P are parallel, and Z on the right of P.
5 N is lower right of Q.
6 D is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 I is above S at 2 o'clock.
2 W is directly south east of S.
3 S is to the right of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 F is positioned above W and to the right.
5 O presents left to F.
6 J is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	left	1
1 A is on the lower right of H.
2 C is positioned below Q and to the right.
3 If J is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
4 K is sitting at the upper right position to H.
5 H is directly above C.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object B and L are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 G presents lower right to R.
3 L is over there and D is directly below it.
4 W is placed at the lower right of Z.
5 W is on the lower right of B.
6 L is placed in the right direction of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	above	1
1 V is to the left of L.
2 V is on the right side and top of D.
3 U is sitting in the left direction of V.
4 P is positioned up and to the right of W.
5 T is sitting at the upper left position to L.
6 U presents lower left to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	left	1
1 F is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 N is positioned right to W.
3 B is directly north west of M.
4 W and G are next to each other with W on the left and G on the right.
5 W is above T at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Q is placed at the bottom of B.
2 N is placed in the right direction of D.
3 Y is upper right to S.
4 A and Y are side by side with A to the right and Y to the left.
5 Y is placed at the lower left of B.
6 L is over there and S is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	below	1
1 M is to the upper left of A.
2 U and Z are side by side with U to the left and Z to the right.
3 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
4 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
5 E is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	left	1
1 B is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 I and X are parallel, and I is to the right of X.
3 T is positioned below and to the right of I.
4 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
5 X is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z is above Q at 2 o'clock.
2 B presents right to T.
3 P and Q are in a vertical line with P on top.
4 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
5 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	above	1
1 D is placed in the right direction of Q.
2 S and A are next to each other with A on the right and S on the left.
3 D is diagonally right and above P.
4 H is to the top of D vertically.
5 Z and P are both there with the object P below the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	right	1
1 U is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 U and F are side by side with U on the top and F at the bottom.
3 M presents left to N.
4 N is below and to the right of F.
5 C is directly below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
2 If R is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
3 S is above V at 2 o'clock.
4 If R is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
5 V is below H at 4 o'clock.
6 If V is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 M and H are parallel, and M is to the left of H.
2 M is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
3 C is positioned below F and to the right.
4 L is sitting at the lower position to Z.
5 C is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
6 M is over there and T is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 C presents lower left to G.
2 G is on the right and V is on the left.
3 M is on the top side to F.
4 V is diagonally left and above V.
5 K is over there with A above.
6 U is sitting in the left direction of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	below	1
1 K and Z are parallel, and K is to the right of Z.
2 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object Z.
3 K is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
4 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
5 If O is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 Object I is below object W and to the left of it, too.
2 K is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
4 F is sitting at the top position to G.
5 B is at the bottom and I is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
2 I is above M and to the right of M.
3 N is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
4 J is placed in the right direction of I.
5 J is on the lower left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	above	1
1 Z is on the left side and above X.
2 O is diagonally to the upper left of X.
3 N is upper right to G.
4 P is below and to the left of I.
5 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at B's 12 o'clock.
2 K is sitting in the right direction of G.
3 C is above and to the right of K.
4 D is lower left to K.
5 T and D are both there with the object T is to the left of object D.
6 T and Z are parallel, and Z is below T.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
2 I is to the upper left of B.
3 O is diagonally above F to the right at a 45 degree.
4 B is to the left of O.
5 K and I are parallel, and K is to the right of I.
6 X is to the top right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 H is placed at the bottom of X.
2 W is sitting in the right direction of B.
3 X is over there and O is on the left.
4 Y is upper right to Q.
5 O presents lower left to Y.
6 The objects X and I are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	left	1
1 Q presents over F.
2 F is positioned above and to the left of U.
3 M and H are side by side with M on the top and H at the bottom.
4 F and I are both there with the object I below the object F.
5 I is positioned left to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 F presents upper right to A.
3 L is at the bottom and H is on the top.
4 The objects L and A are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
5 W is to the left of Y horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 K is to the bottom right of A.
3 If A is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
4 A is directly south west of F.
5 F and L are parallel, and L is below F.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	right	1
1 K is sitting at the upper left position to M.
2 G is to the left of Z horizontally.
3 O is positioned above Z and to the left.
4 Z is positioned right to M.
5 N and K are parallel, and N is to the left of K.
6 L and U are horizontal and L is to the right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
2 D is over there with E above.
3 E and V are next to each other with V on the right and E on the left.
4 M and U are parallel, and M on the left of U.
5 M is lower left to P.
6 Y presents right to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the bottom right of C.
2 L is to the bottom right of A.
3 P and O are next to each other with P on the top and O at the bottom.
4 S is on the left side and above C.
5 A is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 N is placed at the lower right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 R is on the lower left of Y.
2 V is to the right of Y.
3 W is over there and M is on the top of it.
4 G is on the top side to C.
5 Object R is above object K and to the left of it, too.
6 K is above and to the left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to L.
3 The object R and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
4 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
5 R presents upper left to H.
6 E is above G at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 N is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 X presents lower left to L.
3 V and D are in a vertical line with V on top.
4 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
5 V is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
6 R is to the upper left of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	right	1
1 C is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
2 The object Q and H are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 T is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
4 A is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
5 H is to the top of C vertically.
6 G presents upper left to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	left	1
1 H is south west of Z.
2 R is positioned right to Y.
3 Y is over there with D above.
4 R is positioned above Z and to the right.
5 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
6 J is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 H is under S.
2 U and R are in a vertical line with R below U.
3 Q and Z are vertical and Q is below Z.
4 H presents lower right to R.
5 A is placed at the bottom of G.
6 Q and R are parallel, and Q on the left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	below	1
1 D is to the right of K.
2 D is over there and B is on the left.
3 I is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
4 The objects H and O are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object O.
5 K is positioned in the top left corner of I.
6 The object T and I are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	left	1
1 K is to the upper left of U.
2 N is to the bottom left of Y.
3 Q and J are next to each other with J on the right and Q on the left.
4 F is below N.
5 Y is lower right of E.
6 E is to the top-right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	right	1
1 K is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Q is upper left of H.
3 M is positioned below O.
4 M is to the right of S.
5 C and K are next to each other with C on the top and K at the bottom.
6 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
2 V is on the top side to S.
3 V and B are in a vertical line with V on top.
4 T is to the bottom-left of Q.
5 B is on the left side of and below Q.
6 V is below and to the left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	left	1
1 V is above and to the left of Y.
2 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
3 T is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 D is to the upper left of J.
5 E is to the bottom left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	below	1
1 A is on top of B.
2 X is sitting at the upper right position to U.
3 A is at the lower side of W.
4 S and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
5 C is directly south west of W.
6 A presents lower right to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	below	1
1 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
3 F and C are parallel, and F on the left of C.
4 K is placed at the lower right of J.
5 K is positioned below F and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	below	1
1 D is lower right of G.
2 M is positioned above T.
3 The object J is positioned above and to the left of object P.
4 O is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 G is south east of J.
6 G is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	below	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 If N is the center of a clock face, A is located between 10 and 11.
3 H is directly south east of X.
4 Y is sitting at the lower left position to F.
5 Y is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 If I is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 F is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 The object Y is positioned directly above the object O.
3 A and J are parallel, and A is over J.
4 N and H are parallel, and N on the right of H.
5 Y is directly south east of A.
6 Q is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Z is sitting at the upper left position to I.
2 H is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
3 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
4 N is at the lower side of T.
5 M and N are in a vertical line with M on top.
6 H is directly north east of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned down and to the left of M.
2 C is positioned above U.
3 X is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
4 U is north east of R.
5 Q and U are horizontal and Q is to the right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 G is lower right of Y.
2 The object J is positioned directly below the object D.
3 L is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
4 V and L are vertical and V is below L.
5 D is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 B and I are next to each other with B on the left and I on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed in the left direction of X.
2 N and Z are parallel, and N is under Z.
3 E and R are vertical and E is below R.
4 Q is above and to the left of R.
5 Q is to the right of H.
6 Q is above Z and to the left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Y and G are parallel, and Y is over G.
2 Y is diagonally to the upper left of J.
3 O is to the left of J horizontally.
4 N is upper right to Z.
5 M is on the right side and below P.
6 M is placed in the left direction of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	right	1
1 T is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 B is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 K is to the top right of C.
4 U is on the right side and top of C.
5 G is placed at the bottom of V.
6 M is below K and to the left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 H is above E at 2 o'clock.
2 E and G are next to each other with E on the left and G on the right.
3 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
4 N and P are next to each other with P at the bottom N on the top.
5 W is to the right of E horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	below	1
1 W is to the top-right of X.
2 G presents left to N.
3 X is on the left side of and below P.
4 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
5 A presents below R.
6 X is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	above	1
1 Z is on top of E.
2 Z is at I's 3 o'clock.
3 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
4 E is under W.
5 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 A presents lower right to L.
2 T is to the top-right of I.
3 G is positioned above N.
4 Q is to the right of F.
5 F is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 G is below A with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 J is south east of N.
2 N and M are side by side with M at the bottom and N on the top.
3 C is to the bottom-right of Z.
4 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object D.
5 G presents upper left to J.
6 I is positioned right to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	below	1
1 V is positioned above L and to the right.
2 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object C.
3 V is on the left side to M.
4 M is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
5 W is on the left side and above Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	right	1
1 M is diagonally right and below G.
2 G and A are both there with the object G is to the right of object A.
3 V is placed at the lower right of X.
4 N is diagonally left and below A.
5 G is to the upper left of H.
6 If A is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 P is at the bottom and M is on the top.
3 S and I are side by side with S to the right and I to the left.
4 R is on top of I.
5 G and B are side by side with G to the left and B to the right.
6 L is positioned below M and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
2 P is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 U is on the right and S is on the left.
4 C is sitting at the lower position to V.
5 Y is at P's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
2 U is on the left and X is on the right.
3 W is sitting at the upper left position to N.
4 A is to the right of W.
5 W is to the right of K horizontally.
6 I is at N's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	above	1
1 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 B is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 N is above Y at 10 o'clock.
4 Object N is below object P and to the left of it, too.
5 V is at N’s 9 o'clock.
6 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
2 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
3 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
4 Z is positioned below D.
5 U presents upper left to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	right	1
1 Q presents lower right to R.
2 L is sitting in the left direction of A.
3 E is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 K and O are both there with the object O below the object K.
5 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
6 Q is positioned above E and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 M and J are parallel, and M is under J.
2 I and T are next to each other with I on the top and T at the bottom.
3 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
4 K is at the lower side of T.
5 L presents upper right to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 S is at G's 12 o'clock.
2 Object P is below object G and to the right of it, too.
3 L is sitting in the right direction of I.
4 J is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 F is to the top right of Y.
6 G is at L's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 P is placed on the top of U.
2 N is on the left side of and below K.
3 U is positioned below N and to the right.
4 P is on the left side and above B.
5 U is below and to the left of I.
6 O is north east of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 V is directly above E.
2 J is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
3 G is positioned above V.
4 G is above U and to the right of U.
5 V is positioned below A and to the left.
6 S is directly below G.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 R is positioned above W.
2 N is placed at the lower left of Z.
3 Object W is below object V and to the left of it, too.
4 D and V are horizontal and D is to the right of V.
5 P is on the right side and below K.
6 W and P are parallel, and W is to the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	right	1
1 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 Y is positioned above W and to the left.
3 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
4 Y presents lower right to I.
5 Z is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 U is directly north west of M.
2 Z is below N.
3 D is positioned in the front right corner of J.
4 Z is over there and C is on the right of it.
5 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
6 M presents left to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 M presents lower right to J.
2 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
3 The object M and P are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
4 M is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 V is below F and to the left of F.
6 K is directly south west of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 N is south west of Q.
2 J is positioned below and to the right of I.
3 C is placed in the right direction of N.
4 Q is placed at the upper right of W.
5 B and Q are parallel, and B is on top of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 U is under G.
2 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 Y is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face Y.
4 U presents lower left to V.
5 O is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 O and U are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 W and C are parallel, and W is to the left of C.
2 M is directly north east of C.
3 F is positioned above N and to the left.
4 G is to the right of X.
5 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
6 D is on the upper right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	left	1
1 Q is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 H is positioned in the top left corner of D.
3 H is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
4 T is diagonally right and below K.
5 O is below and to the right of C.
6 O is on the top and U is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object Z and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 O is above E.
3 F is sitting at the upper right position to M.
4 G is at the bottom and D is on the top.
5 N is on the left and G is on the right.
6 M is over there with D below.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	below	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
2 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
3 I is diagonally right and below H.
4 I and G are horizontal and I is to the left of G.
5 B is lower right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned below Y.
2 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 G is sitting at the upper right position to H.
4 O is at B's 12 o'clock.
5 F is positioned below Y and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
2 H is above and to the right of O.
3 T is over there and S is directly below it.
4 H is over there and J is directly above it.
5 J and A are both there with the object J is to the left of object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower righthand corner.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
3 Q and U are vertical and Q is below U.
4 X and M are side by side with X to the left and M to the right.
5 Q presents upper right to V.
6 Q is to the right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 Object Y is below object V and to the left of it, too.
3 If Z is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 7 and 8.
4 D is at M's 3 o'clock.
5 If Y is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
6 U is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the top and G is at the bottom.
2 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
3 V is on the right and W is on the left.
4 S is over there and G is on the right of it.
5 R is placed in the right direction of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
2 M is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
3 The object D is positioned above and to the left of object U.
4 S and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
5 T is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 T and P are parallel, and T is under P.
2 O and R are parallel, and O is under R.
3 O and Z are in a vertical line with O on top.
4 If R is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
5 M is on the left side to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	below	1
1 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
2 E is sitting at the upper right position to P.
3 D and C are both there with the object D is to the right of object C.
4 T is positioned up and to the right of D.
5 L is on the right side and top of T.
6 P is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 L is on the left side to X.
3 O is at Q's 3 o'clock.
4 X is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
5 B is positioned in the front right corner of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned above P.
2 I is over C.
3 P is on the top side to F.
4 C is on the upper right of F.
5 Z presents below X.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	below	1
1 F presents lower left to V.
2 F is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
3 The object T and F are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
4 The objects X and T are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object T.
5 O is positioned down and to the left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 C is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
3 V is to the bottom-right of N.
4 V is positioned below P and to the left.
5 J is below and to the left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 K is north east of V.
2 K is over there and H is directly below it.
3 G is below and to the left of V.
4 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
5 E is below M at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 G is on top of D.
2 G is over there and Y is on the left of it.
3 V and I are in a vertical line with I below V.
4 G and W are parallel, and G is to the left of W.
5 W is placed at the upper right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	below	1
1 S presents lower left to N.
2 W is to the right of M horizontally.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
4 B is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
5 Q is to the top right of N.
6 Q is placed in the left direction of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Q is lower right of V.
2 V is over there and E is directly below it.
3 C is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
4 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
5 A is diagonally right and below E.
6 T is below N with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	above	1
1 Q and N are parallel, and Q on the right of N.
2 T is diagonally to the upper left of H.
3 Y is to the upper left of O.
4 Y is south west of T.
5 C is placed in the left direction of T.
6 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	above	1
1 I is to the top-left of Y.
2 U presents left to B.
3 U and K are horizontal and U is to the left of K.
4 S is to the top of K vertically.
5 B is diagonally to the upper left of F.
6 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	right	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper left of O.
2 A is over there and S is directly above it.
3 Q is to the top right of R.
4 S and R are vertical and S is below R.
5 D is above A at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 U is over there and E is directly below it.
2 U is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
3 Q is at the bottom and U is on the top.
4 If T is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
5 Q is diagonally left and below W.
6 B is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is diagonally right and above Y.
2 I is diagonally left and above I.
3 D is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
4 Y is positioned above and to the left of I.
5 K presents upper left to C.
6 S and M are vertical and S is below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 Q is above X.
2 N is over there and L is on the left of it.
3 G is over there and Y is on the left.
4 A is sitting at the upper left position to W.
5 Y is diagonally right and above Q.
6 G is on the right side to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Object W is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 X is positioned above P and to the right.
3 I is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 Q is at R's 3 o'clock.
5 Q is placed at the lower left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object J is positioned directly above the object U.
2 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to R.
3 T is diagonally to the upper right of B.
4 O and U are next to each other with U at the bottom O on the top.
5 R is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 The object J is positioned directly above the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 R is on the upper right of Q.
2 Y is on the left and Q is on the right.
3 U is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
4 The objects M and W are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
5 F is sitting in the left direction of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	right	1
1 N presents right to J.
2 Q is at C's 6 o'clock.
3 T is on the lower left of Q.
4 C presents lower left to I.
5 U is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower left position to N.
2 U is below V with a small gap between them.
3 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
4 C is positioned above N and to the left.
5 N is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	left	1
1 M is diagonally right and above G.
2 A is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
4 W is directly above M.
5 F is directly above A.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 M is at Q's 12 o'clock.
2 L is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
3 G and W are next to each other with W at the bottom G on the top.
4 R is above O and to the left of O.
5 O and F are parallel, and O is over F.
6 L is at M's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 W is lower right of X.
2 P is over there and K is directly below it.
3 Q is positioned down and to the left of G.
4 G and L are next to each other with G on the top and L at the bottom.
5 K and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and K on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	right	1
1 S is on top of Q.
2 N is to the right of K.
3 N is positioned above and to the left of J.
4 P and M are vertical and P is below M.
5 K is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 S is to the top right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	left	1
1 T is over there and D is on the right.
2 V is to the left of K.
3 U is positioned above X and to the left.
4 Z is over there and Q is on the left.
5 T is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
6 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
2 F is on top of Z.
3 W is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 Q is at the bottom and U is on the top.
5 X and Z are parallel, and X is to the left of Z.
6 X and S are next to each other with X on the top and S at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper left of X.
2 D is at the bottom of A.
3 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
4 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
5 I is over there with X above.
6 L is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q and J are side by side with Q on the top and J at the bottom.
2 Q and L are horizontal and Q is to the left of L.
3 U and I are both there with the object U above the object I.
4 If M is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
5 L is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
6 Y is under J.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	below	1
1 D is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 C presents right to B.
3 V is placed on the top of N.
4 V is positioned down and to the left of C.
5 X is upper left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	below	1
1 T is below and to the right of E.
2 T and P are horizontal and T is to the left of P.
3 S is placed in the left direction of D.
4 B and T are parallel, and B is under T.
5 P is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
6 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 D presents lower left to B.
3 D is positioned below O and to the left.
4 S is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
5 P is below E and to the right of E.
6 W is directly north west of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	above	1
1 D is south west of E.
2 K and P are vertical and K is above P.
3 K is directly below F.
4 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
5 X is to the top right of F.
6 F and U are vertical and F is below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Z is below and to the left of N.
2 V is north west of A.
3 If E is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
4 N is over there with A above.
5 O is sitting in the left direction of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is positioned directly below the object D.
2 P and R are both there with the object P is to the right of object R.
3 R is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
4 N is directly below S.
5 W is at P’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 B is directly north west of M.
2 J is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
3 D is to the bottom-left of H.
4 E is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
5 B is over there with F above.
6 B is on the top side to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	below	1
1 O is sitting at the lower position to M.
2 T is directly south east of A.
3 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
4 M and T are parallel, and M is to the left of T.
5 N is above V.
6 Q is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 S and W are parallel, and S on the right of W.
2 K and R are in a vertical line with R below K.
3 P is sitting in the left direction of H.
4 U is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 O is on the lower left of S.
6 H and U are parallel, and H is over U.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 M is to the left of P.
2 P is to the bottom right of G.
3 M and L are parallel, and M is over L.
4 J is on the lower left of K.
5 G is to the left of Z.
6 Z is to the right of Q horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 C and D are both there with the object C is to the right of object D.
2 S and R are side by side with S on the top and R at the bottom.
3 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
4 R presents lower right to D.
5 U and C are side by side with U to the left and C to the right.
6 B is positioned in the front right corner of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 W is above Q and to the right of Q.
2 V is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
3 Object W is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
4 J is sitting in the right direction of T.
5 Q is directly north west of X.
6 E is south east of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	left	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
2 G is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
3 F is diagonally right and above G.
4 G is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
5 Z is on the left side of and below C.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 U is directly south east of S.
2 M is placed at the lower right of P.
3 I is diagonally right and below S.
4 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
5 S is to the upper left of B.
6 I is on the left and A is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
2 U is under P.
3 U is positioned in the front right corner of O.
4 H is directly south west of Q.
5 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
6 Q and P are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 P is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 A is placed at the lower left of V.
3 A is directly above K.
4 J is on the top side to B.
5 V is positioned above P and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the top right of B.
2 C presents right to H.
3 H is placed in the right direction of A.
4 B is sitting at the upper right position to E.
5 F is sitting at the lower left position to X.
6 N is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	right	1
1 O is to the bottom left of I.
2 I is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 L is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 If L is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
5 Z is at C’s 9 o'clock.
6 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 W is south east of B.
3 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
4 R is directly below W.
5 W is to the top-left of A.
6 I is placed in the left direction of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	right	1
1 The objects A and U are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 The objects U and N are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 A is placed at the lower right of Y.
4 A is over there with X above.
5 S and B are horizontal and S is to the right of B.
6 L is diagonally right and below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 S is above H and to the right of H.
2 M is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
3 Y is to the right of O horizontally.
4 S and L are side by side with S to the left and L to the right.
5 The object S is positioned above and to the left of object D.
6 W presents over L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	right	1
1 W is to the top of H vertically.
2 W is to the upper left of U.
3 R is below and to the right of W.
4 J is diagonally above G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 K is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
2 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
3 S is placed on the top of D.
4 D is on the top of L and is on the same vertical plane.
5 B is directly north east of L.
6 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	left	1
1 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
2 D is above and to the right of T.
3 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
4 D and C are in a vertical line with D on top.
5 H is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 H is positioned below A.
2 U is above R at 10 o'clock.
3 A and P are horizontal and A is to the left of P.
4 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
5 T is placed in the left direction of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
2 P is at C's 3 o'clock.
3 W is over there and L is directly below it.
4 The objects W and Z are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
5 J and K are in a vertical line with K below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	below	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 E is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
3 D and G are next to each other with D on the left and G on the right.
4 L is south east of N.
5 L is placed at the upper right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	below	1
1 Object R is below object H and to the left of it, too.
2 H is diagonally right and below L.
3 R is to the left of S.
4 Y is to the right of L.
5 U and T are vertical and U is above T.
6 R is to the top-right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
2 Q is directly above R.
3 If E is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
4 V is below and to the left of C.
5 V and Q are parallel, and V is over Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 U is over there and C is on the left.
2 E and U are vertical and E is above U.
3 E is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 L is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
5 V is placed at the bottom of C.
6 X is directly north west of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Y and T are parallel, and T is below Y.
2 D is to the bottom right of T.
3 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
4 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
5 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
2 The object O is positioned directly below the object J.
3 O is directly south east of V.
4 O is to the right of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 The object X is positioned directly below the object P.
6 Z is sitting at the lower left position to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
2 I is on the left side of and below Y.
3 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
4 I is diagonally left and below W.
5 Z and I are next to each other with I at the bottom Z on the top.
6 K is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 K is at the lower side of U.
2 U is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 C is at D's 12 o'clock.
4 J is positioned left to U.
5 If L is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 N presents right to A.
2 M is above and to the right of S.
3 M is directly north west of B.
4 S is to the bottom-left of N.
5 R and G are side by side with R on the top and G at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	left	1
1 Object Y is above object U and to the left of it, too.
2 Q is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
3 V and C are horizontal and V is to the left of C.
4 Y is above G at 2 o'clock.
5 Q is to the right of U horizontally.
6 G is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	left	1
1 I is over there and L is directly above it.
2 T is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 U is to the upper left of T.
4 T is sitting at the upper left position to X.
5 W and P are side by side with W to the left and P to the right.
6 C is below and to the left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 F is above and to the left of Z.
2 C is placed at the upper right of R.
3 R is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 A and O are in a vertical line with O below A.
5 A is to the right of J.
6 A presents right to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 I is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 O is sitting at the lower right position to B.
3 V is sitting at the lower right position to C.
4 B is placed at the upper left of V.
5 B is on the upper right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Y presents lower right to S.
2 B is to the upper left of P.
3 R presents lower right to S.
4 D is over there and K is on the left.
5 The object D is positioned directly above the object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	left	1
1 Y is to the left of H horizontally.
2 Z is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 C is sitting in the right direction of A.
4 A is sitting at the lower left position to E.
5 C is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
6 E is below X with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
2 X is to the upper left of J.
3 Z is on the right side and top of N.
4 Z is at the bottom of K.
5 S and Z are parallel, and S on the right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	right	1
1 V is at the lower side of M.
2 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
3 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
4 K is positioned below F and to the left.
5 R is diagonally left and below F.
6 S is over there and K is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the lower left of J.
2 C is on the left side to W.
3 T is positioned in the top left corner of C.
4 T presents lower left to U.
5 The object F is positioned directly above the object C.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	above	1
1 X is positioned up and to the right of Q.
2 M and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
3 Z and B are vertical and Z is above B.
4 M and S are side by side with M on the top and S at the bottom.
5 S is directly north east of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the bottom-left of I.
2 Object V is above object H and to the left of it, too.
3 D is below and to the left of C.
4 The object H and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
5 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 V and W are side by side with V to the left and W to the right.
3 G is positioned down and to the left of A.
4 H is over C.
5 H and A are vertical and H is below A.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	left	1
1 I is diagonally right and above G.
2 K is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
4 I and J are next to each other with J at the bottom I on the top.
5 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
6 P is on the upper right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object K and P are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 P is to the top-left of D.
3 D is on the upper right of F.
4 L presents right to Z.
5 Q is placed on the top of E.
6 Q is on the top and D is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	above	1
1 O is over Z.
2 B and H are vertical and B is above H.
3 H is to the bottom left of N.
4 N is placed on the top of U.
5 P is under A.
6 N is on the right side to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object Z.
2 M is to the right of I horizontally.
3 T and K are parallel, and T on the left of K.
4 O and T are side by side with O on the top and T at the bottom.
5 M is positioned left to K.
6 A is below J at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 The objects D and J are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 T is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 H is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 V is diagonally above K to the right at a 45 degree.
5 D and M are side by side with D on the top and M at the bottom.
6 J is above N with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
3 J is directly south west of T.
4 L is directly south west of T.
5 If G is the center of a clock face, K is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 G and E are parallel, and G is to the left of E.
2 O is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Z is on the lower right of E.
4 J is at the bottom and K is on the top.
5 C presents lower right to O.
6 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 U and W are parallel, and U on the left of W.
2 N is placed at the upper right of W.
3 W is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
4 P is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
5 U is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of E.
2 F presents lower right to Q.
3 B is on the left side of and below W.
4 W is at the bottom and F is on the top.
5 N is diagonally right and below T.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Y is over there and L is on the left.
2 P and U are next to each other with P on the top and U at the bottom.
3 F is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
4 E is above L and to the left of L.
5 Y is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	right	1
1 Z is at W's 3 o'clock.
2 P is directly north east of V.
3 Q is positioned in the top left corner of Z.
4 T is above and to the left of Z.
5 W is to the top right of B.
6 Z is over there and C is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G is over there and R is directly below it.
2 X and T are vertical and X is above T.
3 S and P are in a vertical line with P below S.
4 X is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 D is on the upper right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	below	1
1 O is over there and N is directly above it.
2 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
3 C is north east of Y.
4 B is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
5 L is positioned below Z.
6 Y is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 B is above I at 10 o'clock.
2 L is on the right side and below I.
3 F and B are side by side with F to the right and B to the left.
4 D is above and to the left of Q.
5 M is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 M and X are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	above	1
1 D is over there with Q below.
2 Q is below H and to the right of H.
3 X presents left to K.
4 F and H are vertical and F is below H.
5 J is on top of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 X is above I and to the left of I.
2 D is below O at 7 o'clock.
3 A is below and to the right of G.
4 I is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
2 C is below and to the left of J.
3 E is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
4 K is placed at the upper right of D.
5 E is placed in the right direction of A.
6 E and P are parallel, and E is to the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	below	1
1 D is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
3 I is on the right side and top of Q.
4 Y is sitting at the top position to R.
5 D is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
6 Z is sitting in the left direction of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 J is directly north west of R.
2 N is to the bottom-right of J.
3 T is diagonally to the upper right of S.
4 N is positioned in the front right corner of S.
5 E and T are side by side with E to the right and T to the left.
6 Object K is below object X and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 M is placed at the upper left of Z.
3 N is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 R is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 J is positioned left to R.
6 C is on the left side to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 J is at R's 6 o'clock.
2 M is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
3 N is positioned above M and to the right.
4 N is directly south west of D.
5 M and S are next to each other with M on the left and S on the right.
6 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the left and S is on the right.
2 S is over there and Y is on the left of it.
3 D is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 If N is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
5 N and M are horizontal and N is to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 I is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
2 A is on the right side and below O.
3 P is below F and to the right of F.
4 S is directly north west of A.
5 P is at A's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	above	1
1 S is to the top of K vertically.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower righthand corner.
3 T and Q are vertical and T is below Q.
4 L presents upper right to N.
5 F is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 A presents left to V.
2 Z is north east of H.
3 Q and O are parallel, and Q is under O.
4 X is below Z at 7 o'clock.
5 H and Q are parallel, and H is under Q.
6 I is at the bottom and H is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned below and to the right of L.
2 Q and R are parallel, and Q on the right of R.
3 R is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 A is sitting in the right direction of Q.
5 M is positioned in the top left corner of R.
6 M is positioned above O and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	left	1
1 F is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Y is diagonally to the upper left of E.
3 E is positioned below U and to the right.
4 Q is diagonally right and above R.
5 E is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
6 T is sitting in the right direction of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 J is at R's 12 o'clock.
2 The object A is positioned directly above the object Q.
3 L is over there and J is directly below it.
4 M is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 M is over there and V is on the left of it.
6 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	left	1
1 X is on the lower left of R.
2 J is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
3 G is positioned down and to the left of P.
4 V is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
5 V is above X with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 B and S are side by side with B to the right and S to the left.
2 H and Q are vertical and H is above Q.
3 P is diagonally to the upper right of C.
4 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
5 S is positioned left to W.
6 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	left	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
2 S is at C’s 9 o'clock.
3 O is below C at 4 o'clock.
4 D is placed in the left direction of S.
5 W and N are parallel, and W is under N.
6 U is below Q at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
2 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
3 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
4 G is diagonally left and below V.
5 T is positioned above L and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	left	1
1 O is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 P is below Q at 4 o'clock.
3 M is over there and K is on the left.
4 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
5 P is south east of Y.
6 P is on the right and I is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 M is sitting at the top position to Q.
2 B is at the bottom of X.
3 T is at the bottom and W is on the top.
4 M and W are both there with the object M is to the right of object W.
5 V is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	right	1
1 Y presents below M.
2 O is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
3 V is below O and to the left of O.
4 C is positioned above and to the left of Q.
5 N and M are both there with the object N is to the right of object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object K is positioned directly below the object Z.
2 C is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
3 F is at the bottom of X.
4 F is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
5 L is on top of S.
6 Z and I are parallel, and Z is under I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 D is on the lower left of V.
2 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 Y is over there with G below.
4 V is above E.
5 Object H is below object D and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	above	1
1 Y is over there and O is on the left.
2 L is north west of Y.
3 U is to the bottom-left of Y.
4 Y is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 K is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
6 Q is below M at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
2 V is over L.
3 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
4 P is sitting at the top position to Q.
5 L is north west of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 F is below R at 4 o'clock.
2 Z is below O with a small gap between them.
3 If L is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
4 L is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 If L is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
2 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
3 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
4 M is upper right to R.
5 S is below M at 4 o'clock.
6 G is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	right	1
1 O is to the bottom-right of Q.
2 P is to the bottom right of T.
3 N and D are next to each other with N on the top and D at the bottom.
4 N is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 N is below L at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H and G are both there with the object H above the object G.
2 Z is directly north east of M.
3 Z is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
5 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
2 L and Z are parallel, and L is to the right of Z.
3 Object Z is above object S and to the left of it, too.
4 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
5 N is on the right side to L.
6 P is positioned in the front right corner of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the bottom left of Z.
2 X is placed in the left direction of E.
3 Q and J are horizontal and Q is to the right of J.
4 If J is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
5 L is above and to the left of B.
6 The objects Q and A are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the upper right of C.
2 S is lower right of A.
3 U is placed in the left direction of Z.
4 U is to the right of A.
5 D is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
6 S and F are parallel, and S is to the right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	right	1
1 N is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Y is over there and V is directly above it.
3 K is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 B is diagonally below K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 X is on the left and N is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 F is over there and X is directly below it.
2 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
3 W is sitting in the left direction of M.
4 A is sitting at the lower right position to J.
5 W is sitting at the lower position to T.
6 J and W are next to each other with J on the left and W on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 M is north west of X.
2 H is sitting at the lower left position to P.
3 S is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 I is south east of L.
5 L is placed at the lower right of S.
6 I is to the top-left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 E is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 U is placed in the right direction of R.
3 J is directly south west of S.
4 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object V.
5 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to W.
2 H is positioned below D and to the left.
3 H is over there and W is on the left.
4 A is sitting in the left direction of V.
5 K is over there and D is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
2 F is below W and to the right of W.
3 K presents upper left to N.
4 F is directly north east of X.
5 V is on the upper right of X.
6 V and G are in a vertical line with G below V.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed at the lower left of A.
2 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
3 S and R are side by side with R at the bottom and S on the top.
4 F is below Z at 4 o'clock.
5 D and H are both there with the object H below the object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 L and Z are both there with the object L above the object Z.
3 O is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face O.
4 O presents over J.
5 I is at N's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the left and U is on the right.
2 H and J are vertical and H is below J.
3 A is to the bottom left of D.
4 W is placed in the right direction of O.
5 D is below and to the left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 N is at the bottom and R is on the top.
2 J is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
3 H is placed on the top of A.
4 A is sitting at the lower position to Z.
5 R and A are both there with the object A below the object R.
6 L is sitting at the lower left position to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
3 X is directly below T.
4 D and C are parallel, and D on the right of C.
5 C and X are both there with the object C above the object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
2 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
3 G is lower right of A.
4 J and N are side by side with J to the left and N to the right.
5 If O is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 L and Q are side by side with L to the left and Q to the right.
3 S and W are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
4 I is positioned left to W.
5 H is to the right of A.
6 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 C is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Object S is above object R and to the left of it, too.
3 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
4 H is positioned below A and to the left.
5 A is to the top-right of C.
6 Y is placed at the upper right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the upper right position to L.
2 W is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
3 U is positioned up and to the right of M.
4 L is over there and Z is directly below it.
5 R is on the right side and below W.
6 H is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting at the top position to M.
2 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to X.
3 X and O are vertical and X is below O.
4 N is on top of C.
5 A is on the top side to N.
6 X is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	above	1
1 Object P is below object G and to the right of it, too.
2 P is positioned above W.
3 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
4 X is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
5 P presents below F.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 V and E are parallel, and V on the right of E.
2 R is over there and I is directly above it.
3 Y and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
4 R and L are both there with the object R is to the right of object L.
5 T and J are parallel, and T is under J.
6 R is positioned below J and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	left	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 R is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
3 D is positioned below and to the right of Y.
4 D presents lower right to G.
5 K and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
6 R is on the lower left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 R is upper right to A.
2 R and B are next to each other with B at the bottom R on the top.
3 Object E is above object V and to the left of it, too.
4 O is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 I and O are next to each other with O at the bottom I on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 U is on the left side and above C.
2 G is on the top of L and is on the same vertical plane.
3 T is diagonally above G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 L and M are horizontal and L is to the left of M.
5 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
6 The object S and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 I is below and to the left of B.
2 O is positioned right to R.
3 A is over there and O is on the right.
4 R is positioned below I and to the right.
5 L is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
6 X is to the bottom-left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	right	1
1 Y and H are next to each other with H at the bottom Y on the top.
2 W is to the bottom-left of R.
3 H and N are parallel, and H on the left of N.
4 C is at the bottom and I is on the top.
5 W is on top of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	below	1
1 D is to the top-left of H.
2 W is directly south west of H.
3 U is below P and to the left of P.
4 H is diagonally left and below N.
5 G is directly below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper righthand corner.
2 O is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
3 D is south east of Z.
4 K is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 I is to the top-right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 F is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 O is at S’s 9 o'clock.
3 O is below F at 4 o'clock.
4 Z is diagonally right and above T.
5 Z and Y are in a vertical line with Z on top.
6 I is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 D is placed on the top of J.
2 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
3 I is above Y at 2 o'clock.
4 Y and A are vertical and Y is below A.
5 M is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 U is below I and to the right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	left	1
1 E and U are parallel, and E is on top of U.
2 C is south west of E.
3 U is above and to the left of J.
4 S is above K and to the left of K.
5 J is positioned below and to the right of K.
6 X is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 W and G are next to each other with W on the top and G at the bottom.
2 P is at A's 12 o'clock.
3 T and Y are both there with the object T above the object Y.
4 J is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 J is at the bottom of Y.
6 L is to the top of T vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	below	1
1 The objects M and D are over there. The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 D is placed in the left direction of O.
3 I and A are both there with the object A below the object I.
4 N is directly below M.
5 Q is positioned below O and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	above	1
1 T is on the top and H is at the bottom.
2 F is on the right side and top of T.
3 F is above I.
4 P is south west of U.
5 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object A is positioned directly below the object S.
2 B is at the bottom of F.
3 S is on the left side of and below Q.
4 G is to the right of N.
5 If T is the center of a clock face, F is located between 2 and 3.
6 B is over S.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
2 B is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
3 G and Y are side by side with G to the right and Y to the left.
4 F is above O at 2 o'clock.
5 G is below N at 7 o'clock.
6 G is at the bottom of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 C is above E at 2 o'clock.
2 O is diagonally right and above Q.
3 T is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
4 M is to the upper left of P.
5 M and C are vertical and M is below C.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of K.
2 J presents upper left to A.
3 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
4 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
5 A and E are vertical and A is above E.
6 The objects S and V are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 B is diagonally to the upper left of F.
3 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
4 I is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
5 F is north west of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 C is lower left to K.
2 G is on the left side to V.
3 W is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
4 V is over there with W below.
5 S is over G.
6 W is on the top and H is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 W and K are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
2 W is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
3 L is to the right of U horizontally.
4 M is to the left of Z.
5 U presents lower right to Q.
6 If N is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	above	1
1 K is sitting in the right direction of L.
2 K is to the left of G.
3 Q and K are both there with the object Q above the object K.
4 E and G are next to each other with E on the top and G at the bottom.
5 Y presents lower left to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	right	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
2 E is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
3 M is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 X is south west of J.
5 J is positioned below K and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 C is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 J and F are parallel, and J on the right of F.
3 A is above C and to the left of C.
4 Object C is below object K and to the right of it, too.
5 A is to the bottom right of N.
6 O is on the right side to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 F is at the bottom of D vertically.
2 F is diagonally right and above Y.
3 S is diagonally to the upper left of J.
4 W is to the top-left of Y.
5 R and F are horizontal and R is to the right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 O and F are next to each other with F on the right and O on the left.
2 O is positioned down and to the left of M.
3 K is over there with A above.
4 U is positioned in the front right corner of S.
5 D and S are vertical and D is below S.
6 M and S are next to each other with M on the top and S at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	below	1
1 A is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face A.
2 F is placed at the lower left of N.
3 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
4 A is below C and to the left of C.
5 The object Y is positioned directly below the object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	left	1
1 X presents lower left to E.
2 W presents lower left to X.
3 The object U and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object U.
4 M is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
5 C is below and to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 G is over there with U above.
2 I is on the left side of and below J.
3 A is upper left of O.
4 G is below and to the left of I.
5 X is positioned above G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 G presents lower left to U.
2 H is at X's 12 o'clock.
3 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
4 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
5 U and H are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	left	1
1 G is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 P is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 M is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
4 D and T are parallel, and T is below D.
5 W is positioned in the top left corner of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	below	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
2 D and Z are both there with the object D above the object Z.
3 Z is to the bottom right of Q.
4 Object A is below object D and to the right of it, too.
5 J is above F and to the right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	above	1
1 J is to the bottom-right of D.
2 D is to the top of P vertically.
3 C and P are side by side with C to the left and P to the right.
4 X is diagonally to the upper right of F.
5 S is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 Z is at the bottom of M.
2 G is positioned above and to the left of M.
3 H is above V and to the right of V.
4 B and Q are parallel, and B on the right of Q.
5 T is above G.
6 V is positioned up and to the right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The objects T and B are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 Y is over there and U is on the right.
3 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
4 U is positioned right to W.
5 V and S are next to each other with S on the right and V on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
2 Y is on the top and X is at the bottom.
3 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
4 Y and F are both there with the object Y is to the left of object F.
5 J is above V and to the left of V.
6 L is diagonally left and below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 T is above J at 2 o'clock.
2 V is placed on the top of S.
3 M is on the left side to R.
4 X and T are parallel, and X is on top of T.
5 M is placed on the top of T.
6 G is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 A is above and to the right of Y.
2 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
3 The objects C and A are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
4 R presents lower left to C.
5 X is to the upper left of O.
6 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 I is under J.
2 Z and I are next to each other with Z on the left and I on the right.
3 D and Z are parallel, and D is under Z.
4 I is above C and to the right of C.
5 G is positioned above Z and to the left.
6 E is on the lower left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Object I is below object F and to the left of it, too.
2 N and M are side by side with N to the right and M to the left.
3 F is on the right side and below N.
4 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
5 V is sitting at the lower right position to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned up and to the right of V.
2 I is over there and Y is on the top of it.
3 Q is to the bottom-right of V.
4 Q is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
5 N is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
6 R is positioned above G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 G is positioned below and to the right of C.
2 A is below Z and to the right of Z.
3 K is placed in the left direction of Y.
4 K is positioned below G.
5 C is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	above	1
1 F is at Z's 6 o'clock.
2 B and S are side by side with B on the top and S at the bottom.
3 V is sitting in the right direction of S.
4 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
5 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	above	1
1 L is above V at 2 o'clock.
2 D is positioned down and to the left of J.
3 H is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 Z is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
5 Z is on the top side to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
3 The object I is positioned directly below the object Q.
4 L is sitting at the top position to I.
5 D is over there and G is on the top of it.
6 U and X are parallel, and U is to the right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of T.
2 The object N is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
3 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
4 Object Y is above object X and to the left of it, too.
5 D is diagonally right and above P.
6 T is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
2 S and A are in a vertical line with A below S.
3 E is diagonally left and above E.
4 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
5 I presents right to K.
6 K is positioned below and to the right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 F is over there and B is on the right.
2 M is south west of Q.
3 The object S is positioned directly above the object Q.
4 M is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
5 S and O are side by side with S to the right and O to the left.
6 Q and E are in a vertical line with Q on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 A and P are parallel, and P is below A.
3 I is at U's 6 o'clock.
4 T is on the top and A is at the bottom.
5 A and Y are next to each other with A on the left and Y on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 Z is positioned below I and to the right.
2 Y and B are side by side with B at the bottom and Y on the top.
3 M is over there and B is on the top of it.
4 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
5 W is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	above	1
1 M is to the bottom left of E.
2 H is positioned above and to the left of W.
3 M and H are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
4 The object O and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
5 E is placed at the bottom of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the right side to U.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
3 N is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face N.
4 N is to the upper left of L.
5 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 A and F are side by side with A to the left and F to the right.
2 K is positioned above N and to the left.
3 A and O are parallel, and A on the right of O.
4 P and B are both there with the object P is to the left of object B.
5 C is at the bottom of K.
6 F is positioned right to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object B and C are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 The object U is positioned directly below the object V.
3 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object V.
4 T is on the lower left of S.
5 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled Z.
6 V is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	below	1
1 T is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
2 I presents right to P.
3 X is on the left and F is on the right.
4 C and F are vertical and C is below F.
5 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
6 C is sitting at the upper right position to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	below	1
1 P is positioned left to N.
2 O is below P and to the right of P.
3 O and Y are side by side with O to the left and Y to the right.
4 J is placed at the upper right of O.
5 Z is over there with C below.
6 J is sitting in the left direction of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	left	1
1 J is positioned right to D.
2 F is at U’s 9 o'clock.
3 N is above Z and to the right of Z.
4 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
5 F is positioned left to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 G is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 D is above V and to the right of V.
3 U is north east of G.
4 C and G are parallel, and C is under G.
5 V is positioned above F and to the right.
6 L is diagonally left and above L.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
3 Object K is above object T and to the left of it, too.
4 K is sitting in the left direction of J.
5 X is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 J is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face J.
2 W is at H's 12 o'clock.
3 Y is below Z at 7 o'clock.
4 S is over there with H below.
5 W is to the top of D vertically.
6 Y is to the bottom-left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower right position to I.
2 L is at G's 12 o'clock.
3 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
4 Z is above C.
5 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object U.
6 I is below F and to the right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 L is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 L is positioned above and to the left of O.
4 A is over there and F is directly below it.
5 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
6 J is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 I is lower right of Z.
2 U and H are parallel, and U is under H.
3 O is positioned below Z and to the left.
4 F is at the lower side of O.
5 Z is to the top right of G.
6 O is sitting in the left direction of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 B is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face B.
2 A is positioned right to T.
3 T is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
4 Y and C are both there with the object Y is to the left of object C.
5 M and D are both there with the object M is to the left of object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 A and X are parallel, and A on the left of X.
2 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
3 Object X is below object E and to the left of it, too.
4 H presents upper right to N.
5 V is above H and to the right of H.
6 If C is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 D is to the bottom-right of R.
3 D is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 G is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 D is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the upper right of H.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
3 V is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 Y is above E at 10 o'clock.
5 O is below and to the left of H.
6 K is positioned in the top left corner of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 T presents right to X.
2 B is above P.
3 I is north west of P.
4 B is to the upper left of G.
5 I is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 K presents left to B.
2 Y is diagonally right and above C.
3 V is to the top-left of O.
4 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
5 B is on the lower right of F.
6 Y is on the right and D is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 R is south west of J.
2 O is on the right side to Z.
3 O and K are parallel, and O is to the left of K.
4 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
5 O and J are next to each other with J on the right and O on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 N is upper left of I.
2 D and O are both there with the object D is to the left of object O.
3 A is directly north east of V.
4 A and C are next to each other with C on the right and A on the left.
5 C is on the right side to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object V is positioned directly below the object J.
2 G is positioned below J and to the left.
3 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object M.
4 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
5 L is positioned above U and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	left	1
1 N is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 W is above and to the left of M.
3 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
4 I is placed at the lower right of M.
5 N is positioned below M and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	above	1
1 X is upper left of J.
2 P is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
3 X is sitting in the right direction of Z.
4 W is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
5 P is directly south east of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
2 D is to the right of W.
3 P is positioned below D.
4 L is at the bottom of P vertically.
5 H and T are vertical and H is below T.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The objects M and U are over there. The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 M is upper left of E.
3 H is over O.
4 C is on the left side of and below U.
5 U is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
6 Object C is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 E presents below C.
2 O is below W.
3 The object W is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 T is above and to the right of L.
5 C is at A’s 9 o'clock.
6 E is placed on the top of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	above	1
1 R is above S.
2 P is placed at the upper right of G.
3 C and B are vertical and C is below B.
4 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
5 C and S are parallel, and C is under S.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 V is to the left of R horizontally.
2 L is directly south east of I.
3 T and N are side by side with T on the top and N at the bottom.
4 V is below H.
5 I is placed at the upper right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	above	1
1 Object C is above object E and to the left of it, too.
2 O is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 L is to the right of M horizontally.
4 M is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 L is positioned up and to the right of G.
6 H is on the lower right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 H is to the right of I.
3 Q is sitting at the upper left position to I.
4 T is on the left and A is on the right.
5 Q and B are side by side with Q on the top and B at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 I is placed at the bottom of B.
2 K and J are side by side with K to the left and J to the right.
3 E is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 K is placed at the lower left of B.
5 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
6 C is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object L and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 N is below and to the right of L.
3 N is north east of X.
4 L is over there and Q is on the left of it.
5 H is to the top right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
2 Q and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
3 W is on the same vertical plane directly below A.
4 W and P are next to each other with W on the left and P on the right.
5 N is at the bottom of P vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the top-left of G.
2 M is on the left and C is on the right.
3 F and B are side by side with F to the left and B to the right.
4 V is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 C is to the right of F.
6 B is positioned in the top left corner of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 W is diagonally right and above B.
2 I is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
3 E and M are parallel, and E on the right of M.
4 K is directly north west of B.
5 B is above N at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 N is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
3 D is sitting at the lower right position to C.
4 I is directly north west of Y.
5 X is diagonally left and above X.
6 O is above M and to the right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 M is lower right of W.
2 Y is at U's 6 o'clock.
3 W is below P and to the left of P.
4 W is positioned above H and to the right.
5 V is sitting at the upper left position to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
2 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object F.
3 F is below N.
4 I and M are parallel, and I on the right of M.
5 F is directly north west of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	left	1
1 A is below L with a small gap between them.
2 M is sitting at the top position to V.
3 I is north east of E.
4 S is sitting in the right direction of M.
5 G is over there and M is on the right of it.
6 The objects L and S are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the bottom-left of U.
2 D is diagonally to the upper left of B.
3 U is directly north west of C.
4 U is placed in the right direction of G.
5 X is on the top side to C.
6 Q is placed at the bottom of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
2 I is placed at the upper left of H.
3 G is to the top right of H.
4 N is to the upper left of F.
5 V is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 G is upper left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	right	1
1 I is sitting at the lower right position to B.
2 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
3 B and P are side by side with B on the top and P at the bottom.
4 Q and R are parallel, and Q is to the left of R.
5 N is south west of K.
6 R is above P.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
2 J is over there and H is on the right of it.
3 J is placed in the left direction of P.
4 O and A are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
5 J is there and K is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 B is sitting at the lower right position to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 T is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
3 O presents upper left to S.
4 G is on the right and X is on the left.
5 R and A are horizontal and R is to the left of A.
6 O and A are both there with the object O above the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	left	1
1 W and E are next to each other with W on the left and E on the right.
2 R is at the lower side of P.
3 J is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 R is placed at the upper left of M.
5 Object M is above object J and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 L is above V and to the right of V.
2 H is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 L and C are parallel, and L on the left of C.
4 D is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
5 W is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 U and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
2 U is at the bottom of C vertically.
3 K presents lower left to D.
4 T is positioned down and to the left of I.
5 S and D are vertical and S is below D.
6 E is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
2 M is to the left of S horizontally.
3 H is over there and F is on the right.
4 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
5 Q is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 F is sitting at the upper right position to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 W is placed at the upper right of D.
2 O and D are next to each other with O on the top and D at the bottom.
3 T is over there with Y below.
4 O and A are both there with the object A below the object O.
5 O is on the right and P is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 W is over there and T is on the left.
2 B is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
3 K is above T with a small gap between them.
4 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
5 L is over there and W is on the top of it.
6 Z is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 O is below and to the right of X.
2 J is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
3 I is directly south west of N.
4 Z and I are horizontal and Z is to the left of I.
5 Z is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 R and G are both there with the object R above the object G.
2 The objects F and B are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 B is sitting at the upper right position to R.
4 D and J are parallel, and D on the left of J.
5 S and B are both there with the object S above the object B.
6 F is to the top-left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Y is directly above B.
2 C is below E and to the left of E.
3 Y is below U with a small gap between them.
4 The object J is positioned directly below the object B.
5 The object B and M are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
6 U is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	above	1
1 G is diagonally right and below U.
2 C is on the right side to D.
3 O and X are both there with the object O is to the left of object X.
4 X is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
5 G is positioned below and to the right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	above	1
1 E is positioned below K and to the left.
2 E and D are in a vertical line with D below E.
3 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
4 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
5 N and M are both there with the object M below the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 L is above J with a small gap between them.
2 K is directly north west of M.
3 C is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 M is on the left side of and below C.
5 U and B are parallel, and U is over B.
6 B is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	left	1
1 S is to the right of D.
2 C is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 U is at N's 12 o'clock.
4 E is to the left of C horizontally.
5 C is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	right	1
1 G is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 A is positioned left to N.
3 A and F are parallel, and F is below A.
4 C presents upper left to Z.
5 O is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 Q is over there and F is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
2 N is sitting at the lower right position to Q.
3 O is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 Y is lower right of U.
5 M is at the bottom of Q.
6 Y is lower right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	below	1
1 M is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Q and O are parallel, and Q is to the left of O.
3 T is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
4 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
5 T is sitting in the left direction of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	right	1
1 N is above and to the right of T.
2 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
3 The object C and T are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
4 T is diagonally right and above P.
5 E is placed in the left direction of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 W and J are parallel, and W is over J.
2 V is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 W presents right to C.
4 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
5 V is sitting in the left direction of F.
6 L is at the bottom and P is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the upper left position to G.
2 T is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 L is placed at the upper right of K.
4 M is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face M.
5 K is sitting in the left direction of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	right	1
1 H is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 P is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 D is at R's 12 o'clock.
4 I is placed in the left direction of W.
5 N is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 K is to the bottom-right of P.
3 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
4 F and V are next to each other with V at the bottom F on the top.
5 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	above	1
1 A is sitting in the right direction of J.
2 V is on the lower right of B.
3 Z is positioned above M.
4 M is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Q is above and to the left of X.
2 Q and I are parallel, and Q on the left of I.
3 Z is to the left of K.
4 F is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 Q and Z are next to each other with Q on the top and Z at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	right	1
1 J is at the bottom of K.
2 U is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 L and V are horizontal and L is to the right of V.
4 K and V are both there with the object K above the object V.
5 V is directly south west of H.
6 V is on the left and O is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	below	1
1 Object K is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 O is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
3 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
4 N and V are both there with the object N is to the left of object V.
5 O is north east of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	right	1
1 P and V are vertical and P is above V.
2 C is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
3 E is placed in the left direction of J.
4 E is positioned above H and to the right.
5 E is at P's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	below	1
1 C is placed in the left direction of Z.
2 V is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
3 J is at the lower side of O.
4 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
5 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
6 V and Z are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Y is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 The object M is positioned directly above the object Z.
3 X is diagonally to the bottom right of A.
4 A is positioned right to V.
5 V is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
2 R and J are in a vertical line with J below R.
3 W is south east of G.
4 S is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
5 L is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	left	1
1 R is below B.
2 E is to the right of R.
3 S is below T and to the left of T.
4 S is placed at the lower left of B.
5 A is positioned right to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 D and X are next to each other with D on the left and X on the right.
2 L is over there and W is on the left.
3 D is placed in the right direction of R.
4 R is on the left side to E.
5 P is sitting at the top position to X.
6 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	left	1
1 W and G are both there with the object W above the object G.
2 F is positioned above N.
3 T is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 H and N are parallel, and H is to the left of N.
5 H is placed on the top of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	below	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper right of A.
2 S presents right to V.
3 D is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 P and C are in a vertical line with C below P.
5 S is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 X is on the right side and top of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
2 F is diagonally right and below G.
3 U is positioned below and to the right of N.
4 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
5 R is over there with G above.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	above	1
1 E is diagonally left and above E.
2 Q is over there and T is on the top of it.
3 H and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
4 M is sitting in the right direction of E.
5 J and Z are side by side with J to the right and Z to the left.
6 If M is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	right	1
1 Y and E are parallel, and Y on the right of E.
2 D is over there and S is on the top of it.
3 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object Q.
4 Q is below P with a small gap between them.
5 Q and A are vertical and Q is below A.
6 Y is upper right to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Y is above Z at 10 o'clock.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 E is above and to the right of N.
4 X is positioned above and to the left of Y.
5 I is lower right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 P and W are side by side with P to the right and W to the left.
2 P is over there and C is on the right of it.
3 G is positioned in the lower left corner of I.
4 C is positioned below and to the right of R.
5 C and G are next to each other with G on the right and C on the left.
6 S is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	right	1
1 H is under Q.
2 O is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
3 H is over there and D is on the right.
4 Object Q is below object I and to the right of it, too.
5 G is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
6 H is below G.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	below	1
1 D is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 W is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 M and W are parallel, and W is below M.
4 M and D are both there with the object M is to the left of object D.
5 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
6 M and P are horizontal and M is to the left of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	right	1
1 W and S are both there with the object W above the object S.
2 E is sitting at the upper left position to F.
3 F is diagonally left and below W.
4 B is over there with G above.
5 S and K are parallel, and S is on top of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper left of J.
2 I is on top of Y.
3 S and Y are parallel, and S on the left of Y.
4 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
5 E is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	left	1
1 I is to the bottom-left of L.
2 D is positioned in the front right corner of I.
3 L is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
4 G is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
5 O and M are horizontal and O is to the right of M.
6 B is at F's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	below	1
1 B is above Q.
2 S is on the right side and below B.
3 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
4 F is placed in the right direction of G.
5 S is upper left of I.
6 S is sitting in the left direction of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X is on top of U.
2 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
3 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
4 F and I are horizontal and F is to the right of I.
5 T is placed in the right direction of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	above	1
1 I is on top of L.
2 L and V are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
3 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
4 M is at U’s 9 o'clock.
5 M and G are next to each other with G at the bottom M on the top.
6 O is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 I is on the right side and below C.
2 C is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 N is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
4 A is placed at the upper left of U.
5 C is placed at the upper right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of A.
2 A and W are side by side with A to the right and W to the left.
3 I and C are next to each other with C at the bottom I on the top.
4 W is positioned above I and to the left.
5 Y presents left to P.
6 T is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 K is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 E is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
3 L is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 The object E and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
5 D is positioned in the front right corner of X.
6 H is on the left side and above D.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C and Q are parallel, and C is over Q.
2 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 D and Y are both there with the object Y below the object D.
4 L is over there and Q is on the top of it.
5 A is positioned above Q and to the right.
6 O and Q are in a vertical line with O on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 P is sitting at the upper right position to E.
2 Q is over there and N is on the left.
3 O and Z are next to each other with O on the top and Z at the bottom.
4 P is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
5 N is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 P is placed at the upper left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	left	1
1 H presents upper left to O.
2 Y and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
3 O is sitting at the lower right position to I.
4 S is directly above L.
5 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
6 C and N are in a vertical line with C on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 E is placed at the bottom of V.
2 V is over there and J is on the left.
3 R is positioned left to O.
4 T is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Z is over there and E is on the left.
6 I and T are parallel, and I is under T.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	left	1
1 U is below N and to the right of N.
2 R is placed at the upper right of D.
3 Q is diagonally to the upper left of U.
4 H is diagonally right and below N.
5 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 N is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 G is on the upper right of E.
3 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
4 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
5 I is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, D is located between 2 and 3.
2 P is upper left of K.
3 A is placed in the right direction of J.
4 P and D are parallel, and P on the left of D.
5 If F is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	above	1
1 T is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 T and R are parallel, and T on the left of R.
3 If V is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
4 T is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 F is above and to the left of R.
6 K and D are both there with the object K above the object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
2 Object Y is above object S and to the left of it, too.
3 Q and B are both there with the object B below the object Q.
4 V is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
5 Y is placed at the lower left of L.
6 W is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom right of G.
2 G is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 J is positioned above V.
4 B is positioned above L and to the left.
5 The object G and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 O is on the right side and below H.
3 O and J are next to each other with J at the bottom O on the top.
4 G is placed on the top of Q.
5 B is positioned left to H.
6 O is there and X is at the 2 position of a clock face O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	above	1
1 K is directly south west of S.
2 G is to the left of D.
3 K is directly south west of L.
4 O is below W and to the right of W.
5 G is positioned down and to the left of K.
6 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
2 G is diagonally to the upper right of U.
3 Y is placed in the right direction of C.
4 Object U is above object C and to the left of it, too.
5 The objects V and H are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
2 Z is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 The object Z is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
4 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
5 J presents lower right to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
2 N is to the left of V horizontally.
3 If S is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
4 H is to the bottom-right of A.
5 M and A are parallel, and M on the left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	left	1
1 F is to the top-right of R.
2 F and I are in a vertical line with I below F.
3 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
4 B and I are both there with the object B is to the right of object I.
5 L is above B at 2 o'clock.
6 T is over there and R is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	left	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper right of M.
2 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
3 Q is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 S is below E at 4 o'clock.
5 The object V is positioned directly below the object Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	above	1
1 R is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 W is to the bottom right of C.
3 W is sitting in the right direction of Z.
4 C is over there and J is on the right.
5 X is on the upper right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
2 L is positioned down and to the left of P.
3 U is sitting in the left direction of C.
4 I is positioned above Y and to the left.
5 L is to the left of U horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 U is above O with a small gap between them.
2 W and G are parallel, and W is to the right of G.
3 Q and R are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
4 G is over there and U is on the right of it.
5 S is positioned above and to the left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	below	1
1 M and D are parallel, and M is to the left of D.
2 C is at E's 3 o'clock.
3 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
4 R is sitting at the lower right position to W.
5 R is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower righthand corner.
6 R is below X.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	below	1
1 K is above and to the right of Z.
2 If V is the center of a clock face, U is located between 2 and 3.
3 H and W are parallel, and W is below H.
4 H is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 P is positioned below Z and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	left	1
1 J is directly above C.
2 W and C are parallel, and W is to the right of C.
3 J is directly north east of L.
4 X and N are both there with the object N below the object X.
5 M and S are parallel, and M is over S.
6 N is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 C is diagonally left and below T.
2 The object E is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
3 T is positioned in the top left corner of I.
4 H is south east of P.
5 C is positioned above S and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 O and F are both there with the object F below the object O.
2 E is at A's 12 o'clock.
3 A is to the left of U horizontally.
4 The object O is positioned directly above the object J.
5 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
6 J and U are parallel, and J is under U.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there and O is on the left of it.
2 V is over there and H is on the top of it.
3 I is over there and K is directly below it.
4 O is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 S is above O with a small gap between them.
6 M is above S.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	right	1
1 J is to the top-left of D.
2 Object O is above object X and to the left of it, too.
3 B is diagonally to the upper left of O.
4 W presents over P.
5 D is on the lower right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Y is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 C is below A and to the left of A.
3 O is to the bottom-left of I.
4 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
5 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
6 U is diagonally to the upper right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the top side to T.
2 L is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 X is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 The objects Q and H are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
5 G and H are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	above	1
1 K is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 W is placed in the left direction of U.
3 K is diagonally left and above K.
4 S and J are parallel, and S on the right of J.
5 M is south west of V.
6 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 D presents lower left to U.
3 Z and C are parallel, and Z is under C.
4 K is positioned above H and to the right.
5 K is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 Z is on the left and E is on the right.
2 P is over there with I above.
3 C presents upper left to M.
4 P and K are next to each other with K at the bottom P on the top.
5 I is sitting at the lower left position to M.
6 M and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 X and O are horizontal and X is to the left of O.
2 L is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 Z is above and to the left of Q.
4 G is sitting at the lower right position to Q.
5 J is to the top of G vertically.
6 A and L are vertical and A is above L.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 X is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 P is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
4 X is positioned up and to the right of D.
5 G is diagonally right and above L.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	left	1
1 B is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 C is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
3 B is over there and U is on the top of it.
4 U is to the top of M vertically.
5 G is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	above	1
1 U is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 H is above O and to the left of O.
3 N is diagonally left and above N.
4 N is to the bottom-left of H.
5 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 X and O are in a vertical line with O below X.
2 X is to the top-left of F.
3 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
4 The objects A and J are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
5 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
6 H is to the upper left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	right	1
1 F is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 A is placed at the upper left of E.
3 L and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
4 A is on the right and T is on the left.
5 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 E and W are side by side with W at the bottom and E on the top.
2 X is below E at 7 o'clock.
3 Y and K are vertical and Y is below K.
4 F is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
5 Q is sitting at the lower right position to I.
6 Y is diagonally to the upper right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 P is above D and to the right of D.
3 G is sitting at the lower position to H.
4 A and G are both there with the object A is to the right of object G.
5 The object A is positioned directly below the object W.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	right	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 S is on the lower left of P.
3 M is positioned above and to the left of P.
4 W is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
5 Z is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 X is sitting in the right direction of Z.
2 Z is over there and T is directly above it.
3 F is above D at 10 o'clock.
4 T is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 The object N is positioned directly above the object R.
6 D is below and to the left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	above	1
1 U and G are side by side with U to the left and G to the right.
2 A and C are side by side with A to the right and C to the left.
3 G is over there and Z is on the right of it.
4 G and Y are both there with the object G above the object Y.
5 If B is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
6 H is over there and G is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 P and W are both there with the object P is to the right of object W.
2 G is positioned below F and to the left.
3 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
4 O is to the right of F.
5 F is directly south east of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	below	1
1 N presents lower right to I.
2 L is placed in the right direction of U.
3 U is above R at 2 o'clock.
4 T and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
5 H is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
6 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object J and Q are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 E presents over D.
3 K is positioned in the front right corner of G.
4 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to E.
5 E and J are parallel, and E is under J.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	below	1
1 Z and R are horizontal and Z is to the right of R.
2 F and T are horizontal and F is to the right of T.
3 I is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
4 O and P are in a vertical line with P below O.
5 Z is south east of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 C is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
2 B is over there with D below.
3 T is placed in the left direction of J.
4 O is to the right of H.
5 O is placed in the left direction of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 F is positioned down and to the left of N.
2 G is south east of Q.
3 P is positioned above X and to the right.
4 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
5 P is to the top right of N.
6 X is to the top-right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 K is under X.
3 I presents upper right to X.
4 Object W is below object I and to the left of it, too.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
2 U is on the lower left of L.
3 W is on top of I.
4 L and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and L on the top.
5 T and J are both there with the object T is to the right of object J.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	above	1
1 M is on the left side and above N.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 R is below M with a small gap between them.
4 M is at the bottom of V.
5 I is at the bottom and P is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	left	1
1 M and U are horizontal and M is to the right of U.
2 H is on the left side of and below A.
3 U is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
4 M presents right to C.
5 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the left of object R.
2 G and M are parallel, and G on the left of M.
3 P is below and to the right of D.
4 D is positioned above J and to the left.
5 J is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face J.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 V is placed on the top of L.
2 D is to the left of N.
3 L is over there and T is on the right.
4 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
5 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
6 L is lower left to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	below	1
1 F is to the bottom left of N.
2 N is directly north east of T.
3 K is below F at 4 o'clock.
4 D is diagonally left and above D.
5 R is positioned above and to the left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 C is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
3 G is above T with a small gap between them.
4 C is over there and J is on the right of it.
5 Object T is below object P and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	above	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 F is north west of J.
3 F is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face F.
4 Q is upper left of W.
5 J is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the upper left of R.
2 V is north east of K.
3 W is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 T and D are parallel, and T is to the left of D.
5 K is over there with D below.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	above	1
1 W is on the top side to A.
2 P and E are next to each other with E on the right and P on the left.
3 D is on top of O.
4 P is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 W is sitting at the lower position to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L is at the bottom of E.
2 R is on the left side to I.
3 Object I is below object H and to the right of it, too.
4 D is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 R is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting in the right direction of R.
2 R and S are vertical and R is above S.
3 Y is to the left of G.
4 V is below O with a small gap between them.
5 R is to the right of K.
6 S is on top of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	below	1
1 Z presents lower right to Q.
2 E is over there and X is directly below it.
3 V is positioned below N.
4 E is south east of V.
5 Y is diagonally right and below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Y is south east of U.
2 S is below W with a small gap between them.
3 Y is diagonally left and below L.
4 P is to the right of B horizontally.
5 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
6 L presents left to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
2 X is on the left side of and below B.
3 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to B.
4 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
5 Y is placed on the top of T.
6 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 C is there and Z is at the 2 position of a clock face C.
2 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
3 S and B are next to each other with B on the right and S on the left.
4 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to C.
5 R is to the top of H vertically.
6 S is to the top-left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	below	1
1 A is over there and G is on the right of it.
2 I is at the bottom and A is on the top.
3 F is to the left of A horizontally.
4 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
5 I is south west of Z.
6 D is south east of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	below	1
1 A is at the bottom of V vertically.
2 Object R is below object A and to the left of it, too.
3 T is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 H and E are horizontal and H is to the left of E.
5 E is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
6 The object E is positioned directly above the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 L and I are vertical and L is below I.
2 M is sitting in the right direction of F.
3 F is placed in the right direction of L.
4 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
5 W is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 F is above A with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	right	1
1 W is directly south west of X.
2 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
3 Y is above and to the left of M.
4 X is placed at the lower left of Y.
5 X is diagonally below U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	left	1
1 U and R are both there with the object R below the object U.
2 O is below R.
3 P is sitting in the left direction of T.
4 X and O are parallel, and X on the right of O.
5 W is above O and to the right of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	below	1
1 T is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 B is at T's 12 o'clock.
3 If B is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
4 C is over there and F is on the left of it.
5 R is positioned down and to the left of T.
6 T is north east of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
2 A is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
3 C is to the bottom left of T.
4 W and T are parallel, and W is on top of T.
5 Q is positioned above N and to the right.
6 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	below	1
1 A is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 I is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
3 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
4 J and P are in a vertical line with P below J.
5 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
6 Z is sitting at the lower right position to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned above and to the left of G.
2 A is over there and U is on the left of it.
3 G is at the lower side of J.
4 J is to the bottom-right of R.
5 P is over there and N is directly below it.
6 J is over there with C below.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	above	1
1 M is upper left of Y.
2 If Y is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
3 I is placed on the top of X.
4 D is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
5 X is above and to the left of S.
6 If X is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	right	1
1 H and N are side by side with H on the top and N at the bottom.
2 S is to the left of N horizontally.
3 W and Y are parallel, and W is over Y.
4 N is over J.
5 I is over there and E is on the right.
6 I is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 O is on the top and J is at the bottom.
3 G is positioned above X and to the right.
4 J and Y are both there with the object J is to the left of object Y.
5 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	right	1
1 P is to the left of F.
2 A is to the bottom-right of R.
3 F is above Z at 2 o'clock.
4 Object B is below object C and to the right of it, too.
5 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
6 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 K is at the bottom of Q.
2 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
3 B is diagonally left and below Q.
4 G is diagonally left and above G.
5 X is above U at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	right	1
1 V is below and to the right of Q.
2 M and C are next to each other with C on the right and M on the left.
3 U is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower righthand corner.
4 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
5 C is at I’s 9 o'clock.
6 U is lower right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object V.
2 V and K are side by side with K at the bottom and V on the top.
3 C is on the left side to U.
4 K is below and to the right of X.
5 M is diagonally right and below V.
6 V is on the upper right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 D and T are parallel, and D on the right of T.
2 G is over there and Y is on the left.
3 The object X and Y are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
4 A is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
5 Object A is above object V and to the left of it, too.
6 A is over there and G is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
2 Q and L are horizontal and Q is to the right of L.
3 B is over L.
4 B is below and to the left of N.
5 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 N is above V with a small gap between them.
3 Y is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 Q is on the right side to L.
5 S is on the left side of and below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	below	1
1 B is to the top-left of P.
2 W is over P.
3 L is over there with X below.
4 W is positioned below and to the right of L.
5 G is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	right	1
1 R is above and to the left of I.
2 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
3 J presents left to O.
4 J is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
6 F is below Y at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 E is below B at 4 o'clock.
2 G is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 J is on the lower left of W.
4 Q and B are next to each other with Q on the left and B on the right.
5 O is lower left to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 L is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 Q is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 A is over there and Y is on the right of it.
4 L is sitting in the left direction of P.
5 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	left	1
1 I is below W with a small gap between them.
2 L is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 M is at the bottom of A vertically.
4 F is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
5 If D is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
6 L is sitting at the lower left position to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 L is above and to the left of X.
2 U is above and to the left of L.
3 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
4 B is on the right side and below X.
5 Z is to the upper left of L.
6 X is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 S is directly south east of N.
2 F is on the left and Z is on the right.
3 Z is directly north east of E.
4 E is placed at the lower left of O.
5 J is on the lower left of A.
6 J is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting at the lower left position to X.
2 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
3 X is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 X is positioned in the top left corner of K.
5 Y and K are parallel, and Y on the right of K.
6 V is positioned in the front right corner of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
2 M is on the lower left of S.
3 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
4 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
5 M is at the bottom and B is on the top.
6 S is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	right	1
1 R is placed at the lower right of B.
2 S is on the left side of and below R.
3 F is directly below O.
4 N and S are parallel, and N is to the left of S.
5 F and R are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
6 W is to the bottom left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally right and below M.
2 D is over K.
3 Q is positioned below Z and to the right.
4 M is lower right of Z.
5 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
6 Z is below C.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 D is at the bottom of Z vertically.
2 N is over there and V is on the right of it.
3 Z is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 F is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
5 D is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Z is positioned left to Y.
3 X is sitting at the top position to L.
4 J is positioned below S.
5 The object Z and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	left	1
1 H is above O with a small gap between them.
2 V is on the right side to H.
3 R is directly north west of V.
4 Z is over there with O above.
5 U is positioned below Y and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the left of N.
2 K is positioned left to W.
3 F is at the bottom of E.
4 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
5 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
6 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 V is to the left of N.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 J is placed in the left direction of E.
4 X is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
5 N is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the right of U.
2 U is above and to the right of H.
3 H is directly below T.
4 R is positioned below and to the right of Y.
5 H is above N at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 A is at E’s 9 o'clock.
2 L is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
3 O is to the upper left of J.
4 C is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 E and J are side by side with J at the bottom and E on the top.
6 F is diagonally right and below E.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	right	1
1 X is directly below H.
2 J is at the bottom of L vertically.
3 R is on the left side and above I.
4 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
5 L is sitting at the upper right position to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
2 S is above J and to the right of J.
3 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object J.
4 B presents over C.
5 F and I are parallel, and F is under I.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 A is diagonally right and below U.
2 G is to the bottom right of D.
3 D is on the left and U is on the right.
4 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
5 T is sitting in the left direction of U.
6 M is to the right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is below and to the left of F.
2 D is directly south east of B.
3 D is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 F is on the right side and top of T.
5 X is to the right of C.
6 T is to the top of A vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Y is lower right of C.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
3 P is to the bottom right of X.
4 The object Y is positioned directly below the object K.
5 T is on top of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of G.
2 M is sitting in the right direction of E.
3 L is north west of E.
4 D is at K's 3 o'clock.
5 G is sitting at the top position to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 L is above U with a small gap between them.
2 H is to the bottom-right of I.
3 If F is the center of a clock face, L is located between 7 and 8.
4 E and U are both there with the object E above the object U.
5 D is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
6 I is over there with F below.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 X and U are parallel, and X is to the right of U.
2 Q is placed at the lower left of I.
3 O is positioned below U and to the left.
4 X is above and to the right of F.
5 O is sitting at the lower position to H.
6 S and O are both there with the object S is to the right of object O.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 S and I are both there with the object S is to the left of object I.
2 Y is to the top-right of I.
3 Y and L are parallel, and Y is over L.
4 E is over there and J is on the top of it.
5 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
6 I is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	right	1
1 E is to the upper left of N.
2 Q is over there and X is on the right of it.
3 C is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
4 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
5 C presents lower left to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
2 Z is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
3 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
4 N is diagonally to the upper right of G.
5 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
6 Z is positioned right to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	below	1
1 V is below and to the left of S.
2 K presents upper left to Y.
3 G and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
4 C is on the right and V is on the left.
5 V is on the left side and above Z.
6 H and V are parallel, and H is on top of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	above	1
1 Z is on top of B.
2 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
3 S is upper right to I.
4 A and K are horizontal and A is to the right of K.
5 X is below S at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 H is over K.
2 Y is on the right side and top of L.
3 H is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 D is directly south west of S.
5 M and L are both there with the object M is to the right of object L.
6 K is positioned above P and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 A is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 A and Y are in a vertical line with Y below A.
3 K and U are side by side with K on the top and U at the bottom.
4 G is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
5 B and L are horizontal and B is to the right of L.
6 K is over X.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	right	1
1 A is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
2 W is positioned above T and to the right.
3 D is below B at 7 o'clock.
4 A is sitting at the lower position to Q.
5 J is over there and B is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	below	1
1 T presents lower right to P.
2 J is on the top side to P.
3 B is on top of P.
4 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
5 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
6 Y is sitting at the lower position to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	above	1
1 I is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 I is directly south east of H.
3 U is below P with a small gap between them.
4 Z is at I's 6 o'clock.
5 Z is below N with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	above	1
1 I is at Q's 12 o'clock.
2 Y presents left to E.
3 I is sitting at the lower right position to T.
4 V is at the bottom and T is on the top.
5 W is sitting in the left direction of S.
6 V is sitting at the upper left position to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	above	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
2 Q presents upper right to O.
3 M is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Q is south west of P.
5 Object T is below object L and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 S presents upper left to R.
2 R and Q are parallel, and R on the left of Q.
3 D is positioned below T and to the right.
4 Q is positioned in the front right corner of F.
5 H is on the right side to Q.
6 Q and Y are horizontal and Q is to the left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 X is above and to the left of O.
2 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
3 O is below and to the left of U.
4 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
5 Z presents below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 X is sitting at the upper right position to T.
2 L and H are parallel, and L is under H.
3 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
4 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
5 C and Y are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	above	1
1 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
2 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 U is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
4 Y is to the bottom right of T.
5 X is at A's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	above	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 N is diagonally to the upper left of P.
3 A is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
4 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
5 Y presents right to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	left	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
2 H presents left to N.
3 V is on the right side and below W.
4 B and V are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
5 K is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	above	1
1 M and K are parallel, and M is on top of K.
2 G is north east of M.
3 The object B is positioned directly above the object O.
4 M and W are parallel, and M on the right of W.
5 D and V are next to each other with V on the right and D on the left.
6 B is at the bottom and G is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	right	1
1 E is on the right side to W.
2 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
3 J is to the bottom left of S.
4 H is above and to the right of C.
5 H is to the bottom-right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 H is below T at 7 o'clock.
2 Y is on the lower left of H.
3 If V is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
4 V is under D.
5 X presents left to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	right	1
1 I and X are vertical and I is below X.
2 C is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 O is on the right and A is on the left.
4 F is above and to the right of A.
5 Z is directly north west of O.
6 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	above	1
1 F and O are horizontal and F is to the left of O.
2 I and P are both there with the object I is to the right of object P.
3 P and G are both there with the object P is to the right of object G.
4 S is placed at the upper right of B.
5 I is diagonally right and above B.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
2 F is directly north east of Y.
3 O is above F.
4 H is diagonally right and below F.
5 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object Q is positioned directly above the object W.
2 Z is on the top side to V.
3 V presents below L.
4 T is directly south west of S.
5 Z is diagonally to the upper left of U.
6 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 T and I are parallel, and T is to the right of I.
2 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
3 R is on the right side to F.
4 R is over there and T is on the top of it.
5 L is on the left and E is on the right.
6 R is over there and L is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	above	1
1 D is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is to the right of Z horizontally.
3 Q is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
4 E is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
5 G and Q are parallel, and Q is below G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object M and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 P is positioned in the top left corner of V.
3 Z is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
4 P is above C.
5 C is at E's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 J is below and to the left of Y.
3 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
4 Q and J are parallel, and J is below Q.
5 I and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and I on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Y is upper right to L.
2 L presents over I.
3 F is placed in the left direction of L.
4 The object S and Y are there. The object Y is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
5 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
6 The object P is positioned directly above the object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the bottom-right of M.
2 L and E are parallel, and L on the right of E.
3 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
4 C is to the bottom-left of S.
5 D and C are both there with the object D above the object C.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 X is on the right and Q is on the left.
3 Object T is below object A and to the right of it, too.
4 S is sitting at the top position to I.
5 D is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
6 Q presents right to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	right	1
1 Q is below L and to the left of L.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper righthand corner.
3 J is above O.
4 S is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
5 S is to the upper left of J.
6 K is sitting in the right direction of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 P is above L at 10 o'clock.
2 A is sitting at the lower right position to J.
3 If F is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
4 J is on the right and N is on the left.
5 J is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P is at B's 12 o'clock.
2 M and P are parallel, and M is under P.
3 A is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 N is directly below Y.
5 P is over there with R above.
6 Q is positioned below and to the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 G is over there and Z is on the top of it.
2 E is at X's 6 o'clock.
3 T is to the bottom right of D.
4 Z presents upper left to H.
5 D and F are horizontal and D is to the left of F.
6 F and H are parallel, and F is to the left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	right	1
1 M is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 P is to the bottom left of M.
3 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
4 M is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 D and J are next to each other with D on the left and J on the right.
6 H is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Z and J are parallel, and Z is on top of J.
2 C and N are side by side with C to the right and N to the left.
3 F is over there with Y above.
4 X is below C with a small gap between them.
5 F is directly north west of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	above	1
1 R is north east of H.
2 L is at I’s 9 o'clock.
3 T is below and to the left of O.
4 K is on the left side to T.
5 W is on the right side and below K.
6 Object R is below object T and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 P is upper right to I.
2 R is placed at the lower left of N.
3 N and T are horizontal and N is to the right of T.
4 O is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
5 N is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Object U is above object V and to the left of it, too.
3 R is under V.
4 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
5 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
6 G is above R.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	above	1
1 C is south west of J.
2 Y and B are parallel, and Y is on top of B.
3 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
4 J is sitting in the left direction of W.
5 T is on the lower left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the right side to Z.
2 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
3 A presents lower left to Q.
4 Y is to the right of S horizontally.
5 Z and U are next to each other with U at the bottom Z on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 W and J are parallel, and W is to the left of J.
3 H is diagonally to the upper left of T.
4 A is over there and H is on the right.
5 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 A is over T.
2 D is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
3 Q is south west of U.
4 U is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 P is placed on the top of Y.
6 Q and D are parallel, and D is below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Object Q is below object B and to the right of it, too.
2 Object B is below object H and to the right of it, too.
3 K is south west of Q.
4 P is at K’s 9 o'clock.
5 T is to the bottom right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Y and V are in a vertical line with Y on top.
2 W is below M and to the left of M.
3 M is above and to the right of V.
4 N is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 H is positioned left to V.
6 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 U is positioned above C and to the left.
2 K is on the lower right of Y.
3 E is positioned right to U.
4 U is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
6 B is sitting at the upper left position to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the left of E.
2 M and E are parallel, and M on the left of E.
3 T is above Q at 2 o'clock.
4 F and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
5 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 L is over C.
2 Z and O are parallel, and Z is to the right of O.
3 U is positioned above X and to the right.
4 X is above and to the right of Z.
5 H is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
2 L and S are next to each other with S at the bottom L on the top.
3 P and N are both there with the object N below the object P.
4 P is above and to the right of M.
5 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 F and N are parallel, and F is over N.
2 U is on the lower left of K.
3 K is sitting in the right direction of P.
4 P and X are parallel, and X is below P.
5 Object U is above object T and to the left of it, too.
6 K is to the upper left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 D is positioned right to F.
2 N is directly south east of Z.
3 Q is below and to the left of E.
4 Q presents right to F.
5 D is placed at the lower right of J.
6 Y is under F.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
2 M is at the bottom of G.
3 B is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
4 S is below Q and to the right of Q.
5 I is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
6 The object E and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
2 K is positioned above E and to the right.
3 T is north west of Q.
4 Object C is below object J and to the right of it, too.
5 E is positioned above T.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is directly north east of C.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 L and M are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
4 Q and P are horizontal and Q is to the right of P.
5 G and Q are parallel, and G on the left of Q.
6 M and Q are parallel, and M is to the left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to W.
2 N is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 E is lower left to V.
4 N is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
5 Z is on the top side to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	below	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of J.
2 R is diagonally to the upper right of X.
3 If H is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
4 R is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
5 U is lower right of X.
6 C is at R's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	below	1
1 K is directly below H.
2 C is at the bottom of N.
3 I and W are parallel, and W is below I.
4 K is positioned above C and to the right.
5 L and N are side by side with L to the right and N to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	below	1
1 C is above F at 10 o'clock.
2 J is to the top-right of Q.
3 A and Q are parallel, and A on the right of Q.
4 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
5 U is on the left and T is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 M is diagonally right and above H.
2 H is placed in the left direction of U.
3 N is placed on the top of M.
4 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
5 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
6 U is positioned up and to the right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned below S.
2 Q is positioned above and to the left of N.
3 W is above and to the right of E.
4 P is above V with a small gap between them.
5 T and Q are vertical and T is above Q.
6 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	right	1
1 A and B are horizontal and A is to the left of B.
2 X is placed in the left direction of R.
3 B is placed in the left direction of J.
4 Q is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 C is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned below E and to the right.
2 J is positioned in the front right corner of A.
3 R is on the lower left of P.
4 M is on the right and E is on the left.
5 R is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	above	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
2 T is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 X presents lower right to Q.
4 X is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
5 X is sitting in the right direction of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 T is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
2 W and C are next to each other with W on the left and C on the right.
3 C is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
4 W is to the top right of Y.
5 M is on the right and W is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	right	1
1 I is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 B is positioned below I and to the left.
3 Q is below and to the left of S.
4 G is to the left of S.
5 I is at X’s 9 o'clock.
6 H is below A and to the left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	right	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of W.
2 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
3 W is to the bottom-right of K.
4 P is at the bottom of C vertically.
5 If N is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 R is under Y.
2 M is sitting at the top position to F.
3 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to M.
4 A is at the bottom of Y.
5 S is at the bottom of F.
6 T is placed on the top of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	right	1
1 I is positioned left to M.
2 M is diagonally left and above M.
3 I is below A and to the left of A.
4 Object U is below object X and to the right of it, too.
5 A is under O.
6 A presents lower right to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to T.
2 T is positioned above N and to the left.
3 D is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
4 Y is positioned in the top left corner of D.
5 K is under A.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Object P is above object C and to the left of it, too.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
3 P and N are side by side with P to the right and N to the left.
4 N is over there and I is on the left.
5 I and F are both there with the object I is to the right of object F.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the top and D is at the bottom.
2 E is diagonally right and above W.
3 S is positioned up and to the right of B.
4 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
5 If P is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
6 S is at the bottom and E is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	above	1
1 W is on the right side and top of N.
2 D is on the lower left of Z.
3 H is south west of Y.
4 The object Z and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
5 A is on the right and D is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 D is over there with Z below.
2 F presents left to D.
3 Z is diagonally to the upper left of U.
4 A presents lower right to Q.
5 M is sitting in the right direction of G.
6 Z and A are both there with the object Z is to the right of object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
2 J is to the right of X horizontally.
3 Y is over there and U is on the top of it.
4 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object S.
5 M is upper right to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 T is over there and U is directly above it.
3 The objects Y and V are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
4 O is sitting at the upper right position to J.
5 J is on the lower left of Q.
6 O is positioned down and to the left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 U is above M and to the right of M.
2 Y is there and U is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 L is diagonally left and below X.
4 D and O are vertical and D is below O.
5 The object M is positioned directly below the object L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 V is to the upper left of Y.
3 T is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 If T is the center of a clock face, F is located between 2 and 3.
5 K is sitting in the left direction of F.
6 H is over there and K is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 A is south east of V.
2 The object I and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 T is on the left side of and below I.
4 L is on the left side of and below I.
5 Z is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 R is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
2 N and O are both there with the object N is to the left of object O.
3 N is upper right to U.
4 S is on the right side to W.
5 The objects O and Y are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object Y.
6 U and W are parallel, and U is on top of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the right side and top of Y.
2 S presents lower right to Q.
3 The object C is positioned directly above the object S.
4 L is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
5 Y presents right to N.
6 Y is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 M is above E at 10 o'clock.
2 E is sitting at the lower right position to B.
3 Q is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
4 B is positioned above and to the left of K.
5 The object K and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
6 I and F are side by side with I to the left and F to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 D is over there and K is on the left.
2 P is to the upper left of G.
3 U is at P's 3 o'clock.
4 G and D are vertical and G is below D.
5 N is sitting at the lower right position to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	below	1
1 X and U are side by side with U at the bottom and X on the top.
2 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
3 U is sitting at the lower left position to V.
4 U is positioned below Z and to the left.
5 V is at D's 6 o'clock.
6 E is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	right	1
1 F is on the left side and above L.
2 L is on the left and W is on the right.
3 T and H are both there with the object T above the object H.
4 Z and T are next to each other with T at the bottom Z on the top.
5 Q is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Q presents lower right to H.
2 H is above and to the right of K.
3 R is to the top-right of P.
4 H is diagonally to the upper left of D.
5 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
6 Q is sitting in the right direction of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	above	1
1 E and S are parallel, and E is to the left of S.
2 K is over there and M is on the right of it.
3 K is sitting at the upper right position to S.
4 G and A are next to each other with A at the bottom G on the top.
5 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
6 X presents left to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	below	1
1 M is at B's 12 o'clock.
2 B is over there with Y above.
3 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
4 N is positioned above E and to the right.
5 M is positioned in the top left corner of P.
6 Y is directly north west of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower position to M.
2 M and A are next to each other with A on the right and M on the left.
3 R is diagonally to the upper left of P.
4 Y is above E at 10 o'clock.
5 T is sitting in the left direction of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	right	1
1 Z is placed at the upper left of Q.
2 M is directly above O.
3 B is over there and G is directly above it.
4 Q is positioned above B.
5 V and B are side by side with V to the left and B to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 V is at U's 3 o'clock.
2 B is on top of O.
3 C is at the bottom of O vertically.
4 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object V.
5 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
6 P and Q are vertical and P is below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
2 A is to the right of E horizontally.
3 E and N are both there with the object E is to the left of object N.
4 W and F are horizontal and W is to the left of F.
5 S is to the right of A.
6 H and O are next to each other with H on the top and O at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	right	1
1 W is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
2 G is positioned in the top left corner of P.
3 Y is at P's 6 o'clock.
4 T is below N and to the right of N.
5 D is on top of T.
6 G presents left to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	left	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
2 U is placed in the left direction of F.
3 X is positioned below J.
4 D is sitting at the upper left position to K.
5 U and H are vertical and U is below H.
6 S is directly above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 W is below T at 7 o'clock.
2 F is diagonally to the upper left of M.
3 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 The objects L and W are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
5 E is below J and to the left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the bottom-left of H.
2 H and W are next to each other with W on the right and H on the left.
3 V is above X with a small gap between them.
4 W and F are parallel, and W on the left of F.
5 H and N are horizontal and H is to the left of N.
6 H is to the bottom right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	right	1
1 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
2 N and J are vertical and N is above J.
3 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object S.
4 W presents upper right to C.
5 S is positioned below and to the right of P.
6 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	above	1
1 I is on the left and P is on the right.
2 O is on the lower left of D.
3 The object I and J are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
4 The object E is positioned directly below the object F.
5 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 U is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 C is on the top side to E.
3 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
4 L and M are parallel, and L is on top of M.
5 C is diagonally to the upper right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	left	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
2 F is on the lower left of M.
3 U is over there with X below.
4 M is positioned above D.
5 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	left	1
1 J is on the left side and above D.
2 B is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 J is on the left side to U.
4 C presents lower left to A.
5 T is below U and to the right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	right	1
1 V is north west of Y.
2 Z is to the right of J.
3 Z and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
4 X is placed at the upper right of R.
5 Z and G are parallel, and Z is on top of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	left	1
1 J is over there with A above.
2 N is over Q.
3 G is to the upper left of Q.
4 E is on the top side to Q.
5 P is on the right side and top of Q.
6 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 S presents left to V.
2 S is upper left of Y.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
4 M is below J and to the right of J.
5 E and Q are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
6 J is over there and V is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper right of N.
2 Z presents upper right to E.
3 I and O are both there with the object I is to the left of object O.
4 N is placed at the bottom of M.
5 M is above O at 2 o'clock.
6 Q is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 P and C are both there with the object P is to the left of object C.
2 W is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 W is on the right side and below O.
4 B is diagonally left and above B.
5 O presents upper right to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object J.
2 O and E are next to each other with E on the right and O on the left.
3 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
4 E and P are in a vertical line with P below E.
5 J and O are horizontal and J is to the right of O.
6 J is to the bottom-left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 F and Z are in a vertical line with F on top.
2 H is to the bottom-left of J.
3 W is north east of L.
4 Q is below and to the left of J.
5 Y is lower right of J.
6 W is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
2 H is placed at the upper right of N.
3 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
4 S is on the left side to N.
5 K is positioned above N.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 W is upper left of C.
3 L is to the left of B.
4 B is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
5 C and M are both there with the object M below the object C.
6 C is positioned above B and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	right	1
1 O and K are both there with the object O above the object K.
2 W is positioned above Q and to the right.
3 K is below J and to the left of J.
4 N is placed at the lower left of J.
5 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
6 If O is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	above	1
1 R and B are parallel, and R is on top of B.
2 S is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
3 X is positioned above W and to the right.
4 E is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 S is directly south west of E.
6 I is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
2 T is positioned above and to the left of M.
3 J is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 H is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 H is positioned above J.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	above	1
1 R and M are in a vertical line with M below R.
2 D and Y are parallel, and D is on top of Y.
3 M and G are both there with the object M is to the left of object G.
4 G is positioned right to V.
5 E is below and to the left of G.
6 E presents upper left to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	above	1
1 J is below and to the right of W.
2 X is placed at the upper right of P.
3 E and X are both there with the object E is to the right of object X.
4 V is positioned left to Y.
5 P is sitting at the lower position to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 R is diagonally left and above R.
2 K is to the top of P vertically.
3 U is diagonally to the upper right of P.
4 K is below O and to the right of O.
5 T is to the right of U.
6 P is positioned in the front right corner of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S is above C and to the right of C.
2 S is sitting at the lower right position to Q.
3 B presents upper left to Z.
4 S is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
5 O is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
6 The object C is positioned directly below the object F.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X is on the top side to M.
2 U is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 V is upper left of D.
4 J is on the right side and top of D.
5 J is sitting at the lower right position to K.
6 F is below and to the left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 N is on the left side of and below Y.
3 B is on the left side of and below C.
4 B is diagonally to the upper right of N.
5 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 X and D are parallel, and X is under D.
2 N and V are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
3 P is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 N presents below D.
5 V is to the upper left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 F is on the upper right of X.
2 I is sitting at the lower position to X.
3 C is positioned below Q and to the left.
4 G is on the top side to L.
5 Y is to the top right of Q.
6 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the top-left of L.
2 Z is to the top right of F.
3 Z and L are parallel, and Z is to the right of L.
4 M is positioned above and to the left of U.
5 F is at the bottom and H is on the top.
6 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	right	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
2 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
3 X and L are next to each other with X on the left and L on the right.
4 J is placed in the left direction of H.
5 X is over there and H is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	right	1
1 N is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 R is sitting at the lower position to A.
3 Z is at D's 6 o'clock.
4 L and W are both there with the object L is to the left of object W.
5 L is at the bottom of N vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	below	1
1 B and F are parallel, and B is over F.
2 C is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 N is over there with F above.
4 U is below T with a small gap between them.
5 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	below	1
1 D is positioned above and to the left of M.
2 M is over there with E below.
3 D is over there and C is on the right.
4 I is positioned right to Y.
5 D and K are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
6 K is above and to the right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 O and X are parallel, and O on the right of X.
2 L is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 O is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
5 F is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 Q is sitting at the top position to H.
2 The objects E and H are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 Z is positioned in the top left corner of B.
4 E is on the left and P is on the right.
5 The object E is positioned directly above the object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	below	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
2 C is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 P is at the bottom of R vertically.
4 R is at the lower side of N.
5 P and J are vertical and P is above J.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	below	1
1 J is north west of M.
2 D is over there and J is on the left.
3 V is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 B is above D at 2 o'clock.
5 M and Z are side by side with M to the left and Z to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 G is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
2 Z is placed at the upper right of K.
3 N is over there and U is on the left.
4 I is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 N and W are next to each other with N on the left and W on the right.
2 T is placed at the bottom of B.
3 L and X are side by side with X at the bottom and L on the top.
4 X is placed at the lower right of T.
5 The object T is positioned directly above the object V.
6 Q is positioned in the top left corner of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	left	1
1 R is on the right and U is on the left.
2 L is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 K and Z are next to each other with K on the top and Z at the bottom.
4 W and U are in a vertical line with W on top.
5 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
6 Object C is below object N and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 S presents below V.
2 D is over there and Z is on the left of it.
3 W and Y are parallel, and W on the left of Y.
4 W is diagonally to the upper left of I.
5 W is lower right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
2 H is under W.
3 W is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 R is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 L is on the lower left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N is at the bottom of E.
2 Z is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 E presents upper right to T.
4 T is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
5 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
6 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	right	1
1 R is at I’s 9 o'clock.
2 The object S is positioned directly below the object E.
3 R and J are parallel, and R is over J.
4 I is positioned in the front right corner of S.
5 G is on the lower right of I.
6 B is at A's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 O is above N with a small gap between them.
2 O is at X's 6 o'clock.
3 J presents upper left to E.
4 P is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 X is positioned below and to the right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	above	1
1 U is positioned below W and to the left.
2 N is above and to the left of C.
3 J presents upper left to U.
4 T is to the upper left of J.
5 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	right	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to X.
2 A is placed at the lower left of S.
3 R is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
4 X presents upper right to B.
5 If R is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
6 G is diagonally right and below F.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 W and B are parallel, and W is over B.
2 L is upper right to G.
3 I is above Y at 10 o'clock.
4 O is on the left side to D.
5 G is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
6 Object W is above object L and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 E is above and to the left of P.
2 H and S are both there with the object S below the object H.
3 L and G are both there with the object L is to the left of object G.
4 P is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
5 E and T are horizontal and E is to the left of T.
6 S is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	below	1
1 T is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 F is at the lower side of G.
3 T is at the bottom of R.
4 F is positioned right to O.
5 D is positioned above A and to the left.
6 T is at U's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Z is below D and to the left of D.
2 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
3 Y is placed in the right direction of C.
4 F and A are parallel, and F on the right of A.
5 R is over there and D is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	left	1
1 F and C are next to each other with F on the top and C at the bottom.
2 H is positioned in the top left corner of I.
3 Object Y is below object C and to the left of it, too.
4 Y is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
5 E and B are both there with the object B below the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 Z is positioned below and to the right of S.
2 The object P and W are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
3 A is over there and F is on the top of it.
4 P is above and to the right of J.
5 J is positioned above A.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	above	1
1 Object Y is below object J and to the right of it, too.
2 W presents lower left to G.
3 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
4 Y is under D.
5 Y is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the left side of and below H.
2 The object H and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 H is on the right and S is on the left.
4 F is placed at the lower right of V.
5 W is directly below K.
6 A is on the left and R is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 A is over there and G is on the top of it.
2 T and W are parallel, and T is over W.
3 O is on the right side and top of L.
4 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
5 G and W are parallel, and G is to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	above	1
1 Q is north east of C.
2 V is on the upper right of A.
3 C is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 Q presents right to K.
5 K is sitting at the lower left position to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 J is upper right to Y.
2 P presents upper right to E.
3 Y is lower right of P.
4 C and P are horizontal and C is to the right of P.
5 T is positioned above Q and to the right.
6 V is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Y is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 Y is below G at 7 o'clock.
3 G is over there and W is on the right.
4 K is positioned above Y and to the right.
5 L is on the lower right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 J is north east of O.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
3 M is to the top right of Q.
4 H is positioned above V.
5 P presents right to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
2 The object A is positioned directly below the object J.
3 J is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
4 U is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 E is positioned down and to the left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	above	1
1 Y is over there with B below.
2 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
3 Q is north west of J.
4 G is above Y with a small gap between them.
5 B and A are side by side with B to the left and A to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 O is over E.
2 F is below Z at 7 o'clock.
3 T is south west of C.
4 Z and T are side by side with T at the bottom and Z on the top.
5 P is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	left	1
1 Z is on the left side of and below V.
2 S is south east of Q.
3 L is to the top-right of I.
4 Z is directly south west of I.
5 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
2 The object Q and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 O is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 O is placed in the right direction of A.
5 Z is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally left and above S.
2 R is above and to the right of Z.
3 O is positioned below and to the right of L.
4 I is below S at 7 o'clock.
5 M is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 A and F are in a horizontal line with F on the right.
2 B is at the lower side of N.
3 Object R is above object B and to the left of it, too.
4 R is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 Q and Z are side by side with Q to the left and Z to the right.
6 R and L are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	right	1
1 W is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 L is on the right side to W.
3 R and P are side by side with R to the right and P to the left.
4 W and Q are side by side with W to the left and Q to the right.
5 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
6 W is positioned right to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	left	1
1 N is positioned below K and to the left.
2 L and I are both there with the object L is to the left of object I.
3 T presents upper left to G.
4 G is to the bottom-left of A.
5 I is placed at the upper left of V.
6 I and T are side by side with I to the right and T to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper left position to M.
2 X is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 M is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
4 G is positioned above W and to the right.
5 S is to the top right of L.
6 G is over Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 E is on the upper right of X.
3 X is on the left side and above D.
4 C is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 U is positioned above Q and to the left.
6 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 W is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Z is below R and to the left of R.
3 W is to the left of K horizontally.
4 C is to the top right of W.
5 O is diagonally left and below A.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 R and E are in a vertical line with R on top.
2 O is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
3 O is lower left to E.
4 P is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
5 P is over there with U above.
6 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Y is over there and D is directly above it.
2 E is on the right and Y is on the left.
3 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
4 X is directly south east of F.
5 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
6 J is positioned up and to the right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting at the lower right position to O.
2 Q is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
3 T is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 A and Z are vertical and A is below Z.
5 C is over there and O is on the left of it.
6 T is diagonally right and below O.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 N is below L at 4 o'clock.
2 W is north west of N.
3 Q and Y are parallel, and Q is on top of Y.
4 C and M are parallel, and M is below C.
5 L presents lower left to C.
6 G is diagonally left and below L.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I and K are parallel, and K is below I.
2 C is on the top side to F.
3 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
4 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
5 I and X are both there with the object I is to the right of object X.
6 H is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 T is to the bottom left of Z.
3 T and F are parallel, and T is under F.
4 A is sitting at the lower position to Z.
5 The object F is positioned directly below the object H.
6 B is positioned in the top left corner of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face X.
2 M and X are side by side with M to the right and X to the left.
3 B is diagonally to the upper left of S.
4 Z is on the top side to R.
5 U is over E.
6 M is positioned below E.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 B is below P with a small gap between them.
3 I is at V's 12 o'clock.
4 I is directly above K.
5 G is at the lower side of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 L is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 K and L are parallel, and L is below K.
3 K is above B and to the right of B.
4 L is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
5 U and E are horizontal and U is to the right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object T.
2 D is directly above M.
3 R is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
4 K is positioned above and to the left of V.
5 P is over there and D is on the top of it.
6 P is on the top and T is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	above	1
1 K is positioned below and to the right of O.
2 I is above B and to the right of B.
3 T is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
4 I is placed at the upper right of J.
5 H and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
6 O is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	below	1
1 Y is above N.
2 S is sitting at the upper left position to N.
3 M and X are parallel, and M is under X.
4 S and V are next to each other with V at the bottom S on the top.
5 N is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
2 A and M are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
3 M is to the right of F.
4 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
5 A and O are both there with the object A is to the left of object O.
6 R is on the left side and above F.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 P is on the right side and top of Y.
2 X is at the lower side of D.
3 X is on top of W.
4 Z is above and to the left of P.
5 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
6 Y is sitting at the lower left position to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 H is below and to the left of Y.
2 W is to the left of N.
3 A is at Y's 12 o'clock.
4 P is positioned above and to the left of S.
5 N is at H's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
2 H is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
4 G is over there and Y is on the right.
5 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 P and G are next to each other with G on the right and P on the left.
2 L and V are both there with the object L is to the right of object V.
3 J is below D.
4 L is over there and G is on the top of it.
5 H and P are vertical and H is below P.
6 O is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned below and to the right of U.
2 B is at the bottom of X vertically.
3 Z is placed in the right direction of B.
4 W and T are parallel, and T is below W.
5 T is to the left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 U is placed at the upper right of K.
2 I and D are parallel, and I on the right of D.
3 Y is sitting at the lower position to D.
4 G and D are parallel, and G is under D.
5 Y is to the bottom right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 A is directly south east of M.
2 H is on the upper right of C.
3 B is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
4 M is positioned in the top left corner of C.
5 O is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned right to V.
2 O and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
3 T is diagonally left and below K.
4 K is north east of H.
5 The object V and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
6 K and P are side by side with K on the top and P at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	above	1
1 U is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 K is above and to the right of F.
3 If J is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
4 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
5 F presents lower left to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 O is below A with a small gap between them.
2 N is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
3 H is directly north east of O.
4 L is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
5 M is at Q's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
3 P is lower right of X.
4 E is placed on the top of T.
5 N presents upper left to X.
6 U and H are both there with the object U above the object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 B and P are next to each other with B on the left and P on the right.
2 J is lower right of B.
3 J is directly north east of F.
4 F is at the lower side of Y.
5 H is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
2 D is under Z.
3 H is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 Y is at Q's 3 o'clock.
5 Y is above and to the right of G.
6 P is sitting at the lower right position to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	below	1
1 T is diagonally left and above T.
2 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
3 L is above A and to the left of A.
4 H presents left to C.
5 The object F is positioned directly below the object L.
6 J is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the upper left of L.
2 U is to the top of L vertically.
3 U is above F and to the right of F.
4 V is on the upper right of R.
5 W is positioned below U and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 N is lower left to U.
2 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
3 U presents left to W.
4 J is over there and R is directly below it.
5 Y is on the right and S is on the left.
6 Object N is below object R and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	left	1
1 N is to the right of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 E is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
3 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
4 W and T are side by side with W on the top and T at the bottom.
5 W is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
2 V is at the bottom and K is on the top.
3 D is to the upper left of G.
4 K is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
5 T is at the bottom of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	right	1
1 W is positioned right to E.
2 L is positioned below A and to the right.
3 C is above F and to the left of F.
4 Z and E are next to each other with Z on the top and E at the bottom.
5 E is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Z presents lower right to M.
2 D presents right to S.
3 M is on top of F.
4 C is sitting at the lower left position to P.
5 U and S are next to each other with S at the bottom U on the top.
6 D is to the bottom-right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
2 E is sitting at the lower position to X.
3 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object Z.
4 Y and K are both there with the object Y above the object K.
5 S is over there and Z is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	above	1
1 Object A is above object J and to the right of it, too.
2 B is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 A is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
4 The object V and Z are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object Z.
5 V is placed on the top of W.
6 Z is positioned above and to the left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	above	1
1 F and D are parallel, and F on the right of D.
2 N is above B.
3 N is on the right and I is on the left.
4 If Y is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
5 I is below Y at 7 o'clock.
6 Y is above M.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the upper left of Q.
2 Q is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
3 N is placed at the upper left of H.
4 M is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
5 Y is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Y and G are both there with the object G below the object Y.
3 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
4 O is at Z's 6 o'clock.
5 R is to the upper left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	above	1
1 B is above and to the right of U.
2 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
3 W is above and to the left of H.
4 D is below Z and to the left of Z.
5 B is directly south west of C.
6 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the left of V horizontally.
2 D is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 D presents lower left to V.
4 C and A are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
5 Z is upper left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 S and L are vertical and S is above L.
2 J is to the right of N.
3 Y is positioned below and to the right of G.
4 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
5 L is diagonally to the upper right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	above	1
1 C is below S at 7 o'clock.
2 W is positioned right to K.
3 D is positioned below C and to the left.
4 U is to the top right of V.
5 C and U are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	right	1
1 V is at the bottom of C vertically.
2 P is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 C is directly below S.
4 V is on the right and K is on the left.
5 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 J is above V with a small gap between them.
2 V is on the left side to F.
3 C is to the upper left of D.
4 J is placed in the left direction of Z.
5 U is positioned below and to the right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	below	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
2 D and U are side by side with U at the bottom and D on the top.
3 M is to the upper left of J.
4 J is over there and H is on the right of it.
5 H is positioned below X and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object S and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 A is to the bottom-left of Q.
3 U and P are next to each other with U on the left and P on the right.
4 Q is diagonally right and above S.
5 S is diagonally right and above V.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 V presents upper left to Q.
3 V is over there and P is directly below it.
4 N is to the right of H.
5 B is over there and Q is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	below	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly above Q.
2 Y and R are parallel, and Y is to the left of R.
3 F and V are parallel, and F is to the left of V.
4 X is diagonally to the upper right of S.
5 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
6 Z is over there with F above.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
2 Y is diagonally to the upper left of N.
3 T is on the left side of and below L.
4 B is sitting at the lower position to R.
5 The object K and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
6 T is positioned above W.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	below	1
1 Z is positioned left to C.
2 Z and B are next to each other with B on the right and Z on the left.
3 E is over there and K is directly below it.
4 M is positioned above and to the left of G.
5 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	left	1
1 S is over there and O is directly above it.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 K is diagonally left and below I.
4 I is over there and S is on the right of it.
5 K is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 C is on the top side to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 I and C are both there with the object I is to the left of object C.
2 M presents lower left to Q.
3 I is over there and P is on the left of it.
4 N is diagonally to the upper right of C.
5 If F is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	left	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of N.
2 N is placed at the bottom of E.
3 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
4 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
5 Z is on the right and E is on the left.
6 T is to the upper left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	left	1
1 M and N are horizontal and M is to the right of N.
2 N is placed on the top of X.
3 M is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
4 M is over there and Z is on the right.
5 The object Y is positioned directly above the object P.
6 S is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
2 The object W is positioned directly below the object J.
3 R is directly above L.
4 F is on the right side and top of Y.
5 R is directly north west of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	above	1
1 R is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 J is sitting at the top position to T.
3 T is to the right of K.
4 T and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
5 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
6 J is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is directly south west of J.
2 U is to the right of L.
3 R is above O.
4 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
5 N is above and to the left of E.
6 Object O is below object N and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 C and O are both there with the object C is to the right of object O.
2 I is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
3 F is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 G is at I’s 9 o'clock.
5 J is south east of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	left	1
1 O and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom O on the top.
2 Q is to the top of A vertically.
3 E and Q are both there with the object E is to the left of object Q.
4 H is on top of Q.
5 V is to the top right of W.
6 K is at E's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 Object H is below object D and to the left of it, too.
3 L is on the right side to J.
4 D is at O's 6 o'clock.
5 O is positioned in the front right corner of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 E and D are both there with the object E is to the left of object D.
3 G is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
4 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
5 A is under G.
6 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	left	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
3 The object L is positioned directly below the object G.
4 G is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
5 P is positioned down and to the left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	above	1
1 M is positioned below and to the right of O.
2 D is over there with O above.
3 A is on the right side and below E.
4 U is positioned in the top left corner of B.
5 Object O is below object B and to the left of it, too.
6 D is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 X is directly south east of A.
2 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
3 K and U are next to each other with U at the bottom K on the top.
4 G and X are parallel, and G is over X.
5 K is above A at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	above	1
1 K is below L at 4 o'clock.
2 A and L are parallel, and L is below A.
3 A and O are parallel, and A on the left of O.
4 R is on the top side to H.
5 O presents right to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	left	1
1 H is diagonally right and below K.
2 Y and X are side by side with Y to the right and X to the left.
3 G is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
4 X is placed in the right direction of K.
5 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
6 Y is diagonally left and below V.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 O is at J’s 9 o'clock.
2 K and I are side by side with K to the right and I to the left.
3 Z is on the left side to R.
4 E is over there and J is directly above it.
5 K and F are both there with the object K is to the right of object F.
6 E and K are parallel, and E is to the right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	above	1
1 S and D are horizontal and S is to the right of D.
2 T and O are parallel, and O is below T.
3 X is on the right side to W.
4 O and X are parallel, and O is under X.
5 J is over there and T is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	below	1
1 F and P are parallel, and F on the left of P.
2 L is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 Z is positioned left to X.
4 H is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 H is to the upper left of Y.
6 X is below and to the right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	right	1
1 Y is on the left side of and below M.
2 F is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 C and W are next to each other with W at the bottom C on the top.
4 R is on the left and W is on the right.
5 C is below and to the right of B.
6 C is on the top side to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	right	1
1 A is positioned below X.
2 V is positioned below and to the right of H.
3 V is placed at the lower left of L.
4 H presents left to Q.
5 K is directly below M.
6 V is on the lower right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 Q is directly south east of O.
2 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
3 X is above O at 2 o'clock.
4 M is over there and Y is on the top of it.
5 The object M and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
6 I is on the upper right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	right	1
1 O is sitting at the top position to H.
2 N is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
3 D is placed in the left direction of O.
4 O and T are both there with the object O above the object T.
5 I is below and to the left of H.
6 P is on the same vertical plane directly above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	above	1
1 C is over there and Q is on the right of it.
2 C is over there with R above.
3 I is upper left of C.
4 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
5 T and K are side by side with T on the top and K at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	below	1
1 S presents lower right to G.
2 I is placed on the top of J.
3 K is on the right side and below I.
4 R and E are vertical and R is above E.
5 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	above	1
1 B presents upper left to L.
2 The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 D is on the left and T is on the right.
4 L is at J's 6 o'clock.
5 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
6 J and D are both there with the object J is to the right of object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	right	1
1 I and W are next to each other with W on the right and I on the left.
2 The objects N and Z are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
3 R and Q are vertical and R is below Q.
4 J is on the right side and top of I.
5 J is directly north west of N.
6 Z is above G at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	below	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 M is to the bottom right of A.
3 The object R and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
4 I is to the upper left of B.
5 O and I are both there with the object O above the object I.
6 O is placed at the upper left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	above	1
1 W is over there with G above.
2 Object I is above object P and to the left of it, too.
3 K is to the bottom left of Z.
4 G is at X's 12 o'clock.
5 X is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 D is above and to the left of C.
2 H is diagonally right and below R.
3 R presents below D.
4 M is upper right to R.
5 W is on the left side and above Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object O is positioned directly below the object R.
2 J is over there and R is on the right of it.
3 N is placed in the left direction of O.
4 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object L.
5 S is to the bottom right of O.
6 J is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	below	1
1 Z presents upper left to F.
2 M is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
4 M is positioned right to Q.
5 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
6 R is on the left side and above Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	above	1
1 H presents lower right to J.
2 C is placed in the left direction of U.
3 H is over there and X is on the left of it.
4 G and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
5 E is sitting in the left direction of N.
6 N is on the top and G is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	below	1
1 O presents lower right to M.
2 U is sitting at the lower position to M.
3 B is below D with a small gap between them.
4 Y is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
5 U is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 Y is north west of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 I and N are in a vertical line with I on top.
2 Object P is above object N and to the left of it, too.
3 P is north west of M.
4 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
5 W presents upper right to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 E and G are both there with the object E is to the right of object G.
2 O and X are parallel, and O is over X.
3 V and E are parallel, and V on the left of E.
4 P is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
5 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	right	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Z is directly north east of N.
3 O is positioned down and to the left of K.
4 H is to the upper left of J.
5 K is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 M is above and to the right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The objects I and A are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 F is to the top of B vertically.
3 Q is at the lower side of M.
4 B is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
5 W is positioned below M and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Q and J are next to each other with J on the right and Q on the left.
3 K is sitting at the lower right position to E.
4 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
5 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	right	1
1 E is on the top side to C.
2 N and M are next to each other with M on the right and N on the left.
3 L is diagonally left and below D.
4 U presents left to M.
5 Q is positioned below and to the right of M.
6 E is to the upper left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
2 L is at E's 12 o'clock.
3 L is sitting at the upper right position to K.
4 The object K and S are there. The object S is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
5 C is on top of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	right	1
1 I is positioned above V and to the right.
2 V is above R.
3 H is on the right side and below U.
4 T is positioned in the top left corner of B.
5 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 C is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 T is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
3 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
4 E is on the right side and below X.
5 L and A are next to each other with A at the bottom L on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	above	1
1 V and E are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
2 P is to the bottom-left of E.
3 P is over there and Q is on the right.
4 Z and W are next to each other with W at the bottom Z on the top.
5 T is north east of O.
6 T is at E's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	below	1
1 A is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face A.
2 Y is sitting at the top position to U.
3 Q is below K and to the right of K.
4 I is positioned up and to the right of K.
5 K is diagonally left and below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 G is on the right and P is on the left.
2 O and I are in a vertical line with O on top.
3 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
4 The objects T and O are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
5 T is diagonally left and above T.
6 Q is over there and K is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the right of J horizontally.
2 Q is directly south west of C.
3 W is placed at the bottom of C.
4 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
5 F is positioned above Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	below	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of P.
2 W is positioned right to M.
3 V is lower right of P.
4 P is over there and W is on the right.
5 B is below and to the left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	right	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom left of W.
2 S is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Q is over there and X is on the left.
4 N presents lower left to Q.
5 J is on the left and O is on the right.
6 D is over there and W is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 B is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
2 B is positioned down and to the left of W.
3 J and E are parallel, and J on the right of E.
4 B is sitting at the upper right position to J.
5 P is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
6 Q is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is above A at 2 o'clock.
2 N is above and to the left of K.
3 K is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 X presents upper right to N.
5 V is above M and to the left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 S presents over H.
3 T and S are horizontal and T is to the right of S.
4 H is diagonally left and above H.
5 O is south east of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Q and U are parallel, and Q on the right of U.
2 Q is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 I is to the bottom-right of E.
4 H presents over S.
5 S is on the left and Y is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	above	1
1 Q is south west of N.
2 J is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 A is sitting at the top position to J.
4 L is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 N is directly north east of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	below	1
1 T is over Z.
2 M is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 V is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
4 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
5 S is at the lower side of L.
6 S is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	right	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom right of O.
2 H presents lower left to B.
3 B and U are side by side with U at the bottom and B on the top.
4 B and C are horizontal and B is to the left of C.
5 C is north west of Z.
6 P is on the left side of and below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 I is under Z.
2 D is above Z and to the left of Z.
3 X is over there with E above.
4 R is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 W is positioned above and to the left of R.
6 I is below and to the left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The objects J and E are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 P is over W.
3 F is positioned above and to the left of N.
4 J presents left to G.
5 J and N are side by side with J to the left and N to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	right	1
1 T is above H.
2 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
3 K is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
4 O is positioned up and to the right of D.
5 Q is to the right of K.
6 Q is on the upper right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	right	1
1 R is positioned below L and to the right.
2 J is above W and to the right of W.
3 I is on the left side to Y.
4 R is directly south west of Y.
5 R is to the top-left of W.
6 F is positioned left to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the bottom-right of O.
2 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 J is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 C is upper right to A.
5 A is over there and H is directly below it.
6 Z is positioned above and to the left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally left and above D.
2 I is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
3 I is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
4 P presents upper left to N.
5 H is over there and D is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the right of G.
2 K is north east of S.
3 F is on the left side and above P.
4 D is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 The objects V and B are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
6 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Y and C are both there with the object C below the object Y.
2 K is above A and to the left of A.
3 I is to the right of E.
4 Z is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 Z is lower right of E.
6 I is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 C is at the bottom and H is on the top.
2 The object O is positioned directly below the object V.
3 I is north west of C.
4 C is directly below E.
5 V is on the right side and below H.
6 R is to the top right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	below	1
1 X is above P.
2 T is to the right of X.
3 The object R is positioned directly below the object L.
4 K is above U.
5 P is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the right of K horizontally.
2 C presents below G.
3 The object S is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
4 O is placed in the left direction of Q.
5 D is placed in the right direction of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 The object K is positioned directly above the object A.
3 L is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 K is below P.
5 L is below D and to the right of D.
6 S presents over W.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper left of J.
2 R is over H.
3 R is placed in the right direction of Y.
4 H and D are parallel, and H is to the left of D.
5 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
6 R is to the bottom left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	left	1
1 Object E is above object V and to the left of it, too.
2 P is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 H is to the top-right of Q.
4 M is over there and E is on the right of it.
5 H is south west of V.
6 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the left side and above U.
2 U is to the left of P horizontally.
3 K is placed at the upper left of C.
4 U is directly south east of C.
5 K is on the right side to A.
6 V is to the bottom left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned above E and to the right.
2 U is to the left of Y.
3 U is positioned below T.
4 Y is below B and to the right of B.
5 X is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
2 L is sitting at the upper right position to C.
3 X is above and to the right of C.
4 G is at the bottom of V.
5 P is on the right and E is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting at the lower position to A.
2 V is over there and B is on the left of it.
3 O is placed in the left direction of A.
4 V is positioned in the front right corner of N.
5 P is to the left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	below	1
1 C is directly above Z.
2 P is diagonally right and below X.
3 N is directly north east of D.
4 J is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Object D is below object P and to the right of it, too.
6 A is above P and to the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
2 Object H is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
3 W is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 A is below W with a small gap between them.
5 E is over there and A is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 W is above and to the left of E.
3 Y is on the right side and below N.
4 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
5 W presents upper left to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 The object L and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 N is south west of B.
3 V is at the bottom of B.
4 J is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Z is on the left side of and below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	right	1
1 C is under R.
2 H is positioned down and to the left of S.
3 C is at S's 3 o'clock.
4 If F is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
5 P is diagonally left and above P.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	left	1
1 C is on the lower left of U.
2 X is over there and Q is on the left of it.
3 W presents right to I.
4 W is over there with C below.
5 W is sitting at the lower position to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	left	1
1 S and W are next to each other with S on the top and W at the bottom.
2 Q is on the top side to A.
3 L is to the bottom-left of R.
4 Q is positioned up and to the right of L.
5 Y is above R and to the right of R.
6 Q is positioned above and to the left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 T is directly above Z.
2 T is diagonally right and below Y.
3 Y is above H with a small gap between them.
4 X is over there and G is on the right.
5 J presents over H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	left	1
1 T is above W.
2 O is positioned left to R.
3 Z is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 T presents over J.
5 T is positioned up and to the right of O.
6 S is below U with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	left	1
1 D is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
2 A is over there with P above.
3 K is placed at the upper right of R.
4 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
5 A is at X’s 9 o'clock.
6 R and P are in a vertical line with R on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	right	1
1 G is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
2 X is above M.
3 P is sitting at the lower right position to M.
4 J is positioned in the front right corner of A.
5 D and P are next to each other with P at the bottom D on the top.
6 D is placed in the left direction of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there and T is on the right.
2 N is below and to the right of D.
3 E and R are parallel, and E on the left of R.
4 T is south west of F.
5 If N is the center of a clock face, E is located between 4 and 5.
6 V is positioned below and to the right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the right side to Y.
2 The object U and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object U.
3 W is upper right to U.
4 Y is to the bottom-right of C.
5 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Y and B are parallel, and Y is under B.
2 T is at Y's 12 o'clock.
3 Q is over there and P is directly below it.
4 B is placed on the top of Q.
5 O is on the top side to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	above	1
1 M is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 B is above and to the left of R.
3 R is positioned above N and to the left.
4 N is below and to the left of M.
5 E and F are vertical and E is above F.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	right	1
1 U and Q are vertical and U is above Q.
2 I and X are side by side with X at the bottom and I on the top.
3 I is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
4 M is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face M.
5 U is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 N is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	left	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, E is located between 4 and 5.
2 H is sitting at the lower right position to S.
3 Q is positioned below F.
4 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
5 Q and Z are parallel, and Q is to the left of Z.
6 E is at the bottom and S is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	right	1
1 J is positioned up and to the right of E.
2 I is below S with a small gap between them.
3 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
4 I is directly south east of J.
5 V is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 B is above and to the right of J.
3 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
4 B is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
5 L is to the right of I.
6 J is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 M is over there and F is on the right.
2 K is below and to the right of Z.
3 R is above P at 10 o'clock.
4 A presents lower left to K.
5 The objects R and V are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
6 R is directly south west of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 X is placed in the left direction of V.
2 K is over there and P is on the left of it.
3 P is positioned above M and to the right.
4 B is placed at the bottom of M.
5 If P is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
6 H is south east of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	below	1
1 Y presents right to G.
2 F presents over I.
3 Z is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 H is on the right side and top of Z.
5 Z is on the left side and above G.
6 K is at the bottom of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 X is placed at the upper left of I.
2 S is on the right side and top of Z.
3 Y is placed at the bottom of X.
4 V is positioned above and to the left of X.
5 K is positioned below I.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 S is placed on the top of V.
2 H is positioned above Y.
3 V is over H.
4 V is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 R is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper righthand corner.
6 N and Q are parallel, and N is under Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object E and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 L is diagonally right and above O.
3 D is positioned below and to the right of S.
4 If L is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
5 F is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 C is directly north east of X.
2 X is positioned in the front right corner of M.
3 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object W.
4 S and X are parallel, and S is over X.
5 H is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the left side to P.
2 A is over there and E is on the right of it.
3 E is positioned below T and to the left.
4 K is directly above X.
5 J is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 L is over there and U is directly below it.
2 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
3 T and Y are horizontal and T is to the right of Y.
4 I is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
5 L is sitting at the upper right position to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned right to U.
2 F is to the upper left of R.
3 L is to the right of C.
4 F and H are parallel, and F is on top of H.
5 F is over there with J below.
6 M is placed at the lower left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	left	1
1 W is sitting in the left direction of C.
2 H is south west of G.
3 G is at the lower side of W.
4 A is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper righthand corner.
5 If O is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
6 W and B are in a vertical line with B below W.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 U is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 If T is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
4 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
5 P presents upper left to M.
6 U is placed at the bottom of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	below	1
1 P is on the left side of and below R.
2 T is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
3 T is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to M.
5 G is over there and T is directly above it.
6 G is sitting at the lower position to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 G is below and to the right of U.
2 E is sitting at the top position to U.
3 V is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
4 U is placed on the top of Q.
5 E is placed at the lower right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	above	1
1 I and W are both there with the object I is to the right of object W.
2 R is sitting at the top position to U.
3 W is above P and to the right of P.
4 W is to the top-right of E.
5 E and J are in a vertical line with E on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object W is positioned directly above the object R.
2 G is sitting in the left direction of F.
3 S and L are in a vertical line with L below S.
4 G is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
5 G is above T and to the right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	right	1
1 V is above Y and to the left of Y.
2 C is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
3 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
4 M and I are side by side with M to the left and I to the right.
5 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
6 T is south west of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 Y is positioned above U.
2 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 I is at H's 6 o'clock.
4 The objects V and I are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
5 H and D are side by side with D at the bottom and H on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the top-left of W.
2 O is below D at 7 o'clock.
3 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
4 E is sitting in the left direction of Z.
5 W and O are both there with the object W is to the left of object O.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y is to the right of Q.
2 L is below E and to the left of E.
3 Q is to the right of C.
4 M and L are vertical and M is above L.
5 S is positioned left to P.
6 E is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
2 K is directly below J.
3 B and O are in a vertical line with B on top.
4 F is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
5 O is directly south east of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 N presents below H.
3 Y presents below M.
4 N is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 Q and L are parallel, and L is below Q.
6 E is over there and M is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of L.
2 M and Z are parallel, and Z is below M.
3 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
4 M is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 M and C are horizontal and M is to the right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 X is below U and to the left of U.
2 K and U are parallel, and K is over U.
3 A is diagonally to the upper right of L.
4 Z is placed in the left direction of X.
5 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object F.
6 A is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 J and Q are parallel, and Q is below J.
2 O is placed at the lower left of Q.
3 G and O are in a vertical line with G on top.
4 D is on the right side to Q.
5 I is positioned above A and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	above	1
1 T is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 H is directly north west of X.
3 Q is to the top right of F.
4 F is below U and to the left of U.
5 F is over there and N is on the right.
6 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 F is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
3 Y is on the right side to D.
4 W is directly south east of P.
5 G is positioned below P and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the bottom left of M.
2 A is above N at 10 o'clock.
3 D is on the upper right of U.
4 U is diagonally left and above U.
5 G is below and to the right of U.
6 V is sitting at the lower left position to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 U and F are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
2 C is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 C is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
4 M is sitting at the lower position to F.
5 R and K are in a vertical line with R on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	right	1
1 I and V are side by side with I on the top and V at the bottom.
2 W is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
3 O and F are parallel, and O on the right of F.
4 O is over there with H below.
5 H and W are horizontal and H is to the right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 The objects U and I are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 S and Q are parallel, and S on the left of Q.
4 I is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
5 H is to the bottom-right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to U.
2 P and U are parallel, and P on the right of U.
3 P is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 C is upper right to V.
5 L and K are next to each other with L on the left and K on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	above	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 P is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 Object V is below object S and to the right of it, too.
4 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
5 W presents upper left to C.
6 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the right side and below U.
2 P presents lower left to O.
3 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
4 M is to the left of O.
5 N is positioned in the front right corner of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	left	1
1 Q and T are parallel, and Q is under T.
2 N is at the lower side of R.
3 P is positioned above and to the left of E.
4 E is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
5 B and P are both there with the object B is to the right of object P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Q and K are next to each other with Q on the left and K on the right.
2 The object U is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
3 R is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
4 If R is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
5 W and J are both there with the object J below the object W.
6 R is diagonally left and above R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
2 The objects N and M are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 F presents lower left to R.
4 A is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 B and C are side by side with B to the left and C to the right.
6 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	right	1
1 I is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 D is positioned above K and to the right.
3 If K is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
4 E is below I with a small gap between them.
5 G is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	above	1
1 V is positioned in the front right corner of E.
2 X and Y are both there with the object X is to the left of object Y.
3 X is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
4 V is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 If F is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
6 D is at U’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	left	1
1 B is to the top-right of F.
2 Object C is above object L and to the left of it, too.
3 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
4 Y is south east of N.
5 F and A are side by side with F to the left and A to the right.
6 B is at P's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 Y is on the upper right of D.
3 D is placed at the lower left of E.
4 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
5 P is south east of O.
6 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the left of C horizontally.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
3 M is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 W and N are next to each other with N at the bottom W on the top.
5 N and E are next to each other with N on the left and E on the right.
6 N is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	below	1
1 L is positioned right to N.
2 K is placed at the upper left of D.
3 Q is positioned down and to the left of H.
4 K is to the right of S.
5 H is to the right of K horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 U is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 J is over there with I above.
3 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
4 C is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
5 B is directly south east of A.
6 If A is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 O is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 R and O are parallel, and R on the left of O.
3 T is on top of B.
4 Y is positioned above M and to the right.
5 P is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
6 E is sitting in the left direction of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	above	1
1 J is positioned below O and to the left.
2 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
3 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
4 B is to the right of H horizontally.
5 A is to the bottom left of H.
6 V is at the bottom of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Z is north west of R.
2 K is below E and to the right of E.
3 K and Q are parallel, and K is to the left of Q.
4 If R is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
5 Y is over there with L above.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	right	1
1 D is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
2 C is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
3 The object V and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
4 P and E are parallel, and P is over E.
5 D is on the left and W is on the right.
6 W and V are parallel, and W on the right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the bottom-right of H.
2 D is upper left of B.
3 If B is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
4 D is on the left side to V.
5 P is diagonally to the upper right of E.
6 E is positioned in the top left corner of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 D is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
3 U is over there and G is on the left of it.
4 D is over there and B is on the top of it.
5 S is above and to the right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	above	1
1 Object P is above object S and to the left of it, too.
2 Z is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 D is over there and H is on the top of it.
4 H is directly below S.
5 P is placed at the upper left of G.
6 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 T is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
2 S is on the left side to K.
3 T and S are parallel, and T is on top of S.
4 X is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
5 D is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 I is placed in the left direction of C.
2 C and H are parallel, and H is below C.
3 H is directly below Q.
4 R is over there and S is directly above it.
5 I is at G's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	above	1
1 H is diagonally left and below U.
2 S is positioned down and to the left of D.
3 U is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
4 P is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
5 B is placed at the lower right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 X and L are in a vertical line with L below X.
2 Q is placed at the upper right of K.
3 A is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 N is directly south west of D.
5 E is over there and D is directly above it.
6 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	below	1
1 Y is below O.
2 O and T are both there with the object O above the object T.
3 X is south east of V.
4 F and T are parallel, and F is under T.
5 G and T are horizontal and G is to the left of T.
6 F is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	above	1
1 X is at the bottom of V.
2 M is above O at 10 o'clock.
3 Z is to the left of P.
4 M is sitting at the lower right position to P.
5 Z is to the bottom-left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the lower right of Y.
2 Z is to the bottom right of K.
3 R is on the left and G is on the right.
4 P is on top of R.
5 R presents upper right to F.
6 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 R is below W and to the right of W.
2 N is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
3 Q and U are parallel, and Q is over U.
4 M is on the top and R is at the bottom.
5 W is over there and U is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	left	1
1 F and P are in a vertical line with F on top.
2 X is diagonally right and above F.
3 H is below and to the right of A.
4 M is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face M.
5 P is to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	below	1
1 A is sitting at the lower position to C.
2 F is over C.
3 R is diagonally left and below X.
4 Z and P are parallel, and Z on the right of P.
5 P is to the upper left of Y.
6 C and P are vertical and C is below P.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	above	1
1 L is placed at the upper left of Y.
2 M is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Y is below T and to the left of T.
4 Y is on the top and O is at the bottom.
5 Y is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
6 K is north east of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	left	1
1 P is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 U is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
3 W is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
4 G and T are parallel, and G is to the right of T.
5 T is on top of J.
6 C and U are side by side with C to the left and U to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	left	1
1 X is on the top side to N.
2 S is below Q and to the right of Q.
3 J is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
4 N is positioned above and to the left of Y.
5 N is above C.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 I and J are side by side with I on the top and J at the bottom.
2 I is above K with a small gap between them.
3 K is above and to the right of Q.
4 R is diagonally to the upper left of I.
5 J is at T's 6 o'clock.
6 W is lower right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 N is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 G is at E’s 9 o'clock.
3 R is to the right of S.
4 A is above and to the right of S.
5 R is over there and G is on the right of it.
6 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	left	1
1 U is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
2 P is on the left and B is on the right.
3 N is positioned above B and to the left.
4 K is positioned above and to the left of N.
5 Z presents over N.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
2 I is positioned in the top left corner of U.
3 Q is over there with D below.
4 J is sitting at the lower right position to X.
5 Y is sitting at the upper left position to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
2 B is above G and to the right of G.
3 H is to the left of D horizontally.
4 H is south east of N.
5 X is at the bottom and D is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 B and P are vertical and B is above P.
2 E and K are parallel, and E is to the right of K.
3 E is sitting at the lower right position to P.
4 W is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
5 N is placed at the upper left of T.
6 Z is on the left and K is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	left	1
1 K is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face K.
2 Z and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom Z on the top.
3 R is directly above T.
4 If T is the center of a clock face, D is located between 2 and 3.
5 V is directly north west of Z.
6 D is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the right of P.
2 R is below M at 7 o'clock.
3 M is over there and F is on the right of it.
4 R is sitting at the top position to E.
5 Z is positioned above F and to the right.
6 R is lower right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	right	1
1 W is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
2 G is diagonally right and above X.
3 R is positioned up and to the right of Z.
4 N is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 O is over there and P is directly below it.
6 W is placed at the upper left of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 W and P are side by side with W to the left and P to the right.
2 P is on the left side to N.
3 P is to the top-right of V.
4 K is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 L is placed at the lower left of Y.
6 N is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	left	1
1 P is diagonally right and below F.
2 P is directly south west of V.
3 S is positioned up and to the right of T.
4 J is over there with P above.
5 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
6 P is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 M is south west of X.
2 Q is above K and to the left of K.
3 B is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
4 D presents lower left to G.
5 Object D is below object M and to the right of it, too.
6 M is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the top-right of E.
2 N presents right to E.
3 N is under Y.
4 J is directly south west of H.
5 Z is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	right	1
1 R presents below E.
2 W is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 R is on the right and X is on the left.
4 R is directly south west of U.
5 C is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 H and J are parallel, and J is below H.
3 Y is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
5 Y and O are side by side with Y to the left and O to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Z and E are side by side with Z to the left and E to the right.
2 P and M are next to each other with P on the top and M at the bottom.
3 O and K are vertical and O is above K.
4 A is on the lower left of J.
5 O is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 P and K are parallel, and P is over K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object Z.
2 Y and E are parallel, and Y is to the left of E.
3 Z is on the left and S is on the right.
4 G is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
5 S is on the lower right of E.
6 S is above V at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to F.
2 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
3 C and G are both there with the object C is to the left of object G.
4 Q is positioned above G and to the right.
5 E is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 C is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face C.
2 B is directly north west of C.
3 R is south west of O.
4 P is upper left of D.
5 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
6 R is sitting at the top position to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 T presents right to C.
2 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
3 E is positioned below P and to the left.
4 P and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
5 J is diagonally left and below P.
6 E is placed at the bottom of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	right	1
1 S is at T’s 9 o'clock.
2 B is positioned below A and to the right.
3 L and Q are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
4 G is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
5 Q is over there and T is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 U is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
2 L is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 H is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 X and C are parallel, and X is to the right of C.
5 H presents lower right to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 Q is on the lower right of V.
3 D is over there with R below.
4 Q is at the bottom and U is on the top.
5 K is at the bottom of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned in the front right corner of H.
2 H is placed at the lower right of X.
3 S is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
4 K and P are next to each other with K on the top and P at the bottom.
5 A is below T and to the right of T.
6 B is to the right of X horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 S is below and to the right of Y.
3 Y is over there and M is directly below it.
4 G is positioned above T.
5 M is to the top-right of X.
6 S is over there and T is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 J is upper left of E.
2 U is to the top-left of H.
3 C is on the lower left of V.
4 E is positioned below V.
5 T is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
6 B is above V with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
3 D and E are vertical and D is below E.
4 F is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
5 E is over there and M is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 M and Q are vertical and M is above Q.
2 Q is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
3 The object E is positioned directly below the object W.
4 Q is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
5 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object V.
6 D is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 O and N are in a vertical line with N below O.
2 J is below L at 7 o'clock.
3 T is positioned below Y and to the left.
4 Q is over there and O is on the right of it.
5 T is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	right	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly above R.
2 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
3 S is positioned below V and to the left.
4 N is placed on the top of Z.
5 W is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 B is south west of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of T.
2 Q is on top of E.
3 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object L.
4 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
5 Q and W are parallel, and Q on the right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
2 Object I is below object N and to the left of it, too.
3 G is at U's 6 o'clock.
4 I is to the left of Y.
5 Y is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	below	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
2 L and S are in a vertical line with L on top.
3 G is directly below L.
4 O is lower left to G.
5 The object A is positioned directly below the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 C is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 W is sitting at the lower left position to B.
3 M is positioned right to B.
4 D is directly north west of Z.
5 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	below	1
1 N is below X and to the right of X.
2 G is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
3 L is placed at the bottom of W.
4 J is at C’s 9 o'clock.
5 N is to the top of P vertically.
6 N is on the upper right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned above M and to the right.
2 O and E are next to each other with O on the left and E on the right.
3 M and N are parallel, and M is under N.
4 C is positioned down and to the left of R.
5 O and T are parallel, and O on the left of T.
6 O and X are in a vertical line with X below O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 L presents upper left to B.
2 D is on the right side and below X.
3 T is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 B is directly north east of U.
5 V is above X at 2 o'clock.
6 X is on the right side and below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned above S.
2 B is to the right of G.
3 M is over there and G is on the left of it.
4 B is at X's 3 o'clock.
5 B is positioned left to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 F is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 F and A are parallel, and F is to the right of A.
3 D and H are parallel, and D is over H.
4 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
5 F is above and to the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 O and G are in a vertical line with G below O.
2 G and K are parallel, and G is on top of K.
3 I and G are vertical and I is above G.
4 S is sitting at the lower position to I.
5 T is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	above	1
1 H is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
2 M is at the lower side of C.
3 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
4 M is over there and V is on the left of it.
5 O is placed at the bottom of M.
6 T is to the bottom-left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 N is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 S and N are parallel, and S on the left of N.
3 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
4 W is to the bottom right of M.
5 Z is sitting in the right direction of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	left	1
1 N and Q are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
2 If N is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
3 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
4 G is placed at the upper left of L.
5 F and I are parallel, and F is over I.
6 D and K are side by side with K at the bottom and D on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 H is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
2 W is sitting at the lower position to K.
3 M and Z are next to each other with M on the left and Z on the right.
4 B is sitting in the right direction of N.
5 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	right	1
1 B is over there and Z is on the left of it.
2 B is diagonally to the upper right of I.
3 L is on the left side and above W.
4 R is positioned right to V.
5 The object I is positioned directly below the object L.
6 L is lower right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 N is directly north east of I.
2 J is diagonally to the upper left of W.
3 U is on the upper right of O.
4 C is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 L and J are parallel, and L is on top of J.
6 C is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 P and J are next to each other with J on the right and P on the left.
2 K is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
3 E is sitting at the lower right position to G.
4 E is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 I is positioned below X and to the left.
6 If V is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	below	1
1 O is directly above Q.
2 O is positioned above and to the left of W.
3 K is below H at 4 o'clock.
4 V is placed in the right direction of C.
5 W and S are both there with the object W is to the left of object S.
6 K is over there and O is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents left to V.
2 W is lower right of V.
3 S is below R and to the left of R.
4 T is at K's 6 o'clock.
5 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
6 A is over there and Q is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object P.
2 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
3 S is above and to the left of E.
4 D is sitting at the upper right position to W.
5 S is to the left of R horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	above	1
1 The object K and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 W presents upper left to E.
3 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
4 Y is at the lower side of U.
5 O presents left to K.
6 U is on the top and K is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 K is south west of E.
2 R and J are vertical and R is below J.
3 M is on the right side and top of N.
4 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
5 The objects L and E are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the left side to O.
2 U presents right to P.
3 J is to the upper left of O.
4 V is above A with a small gap between them.
5 J is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the left of F horizontally.
2 X is to the top right of P.
3 D is sitting at the upper right position to F.
4 F is on the right side to V.
5 D and C are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 W is over there and Q is on the left of it.
2 H is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
3 H is above Q at 10 o'clock.
4 H is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 X is on the right and S is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the bottom left of S.
2 S is placed in the left direction of J.
3 Y is positioned below and to the right of J.
4 O is on top of S.
5 P is north east of U.
6 O is to the right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 S and M are next to each other with M at the bottom S on the top.
2 I is on the lower right of G.
3 C is above D and to the right of D.
4 V is over there with D below.
5 T and V are parallel, and T is on top of V.
6 S is over there and V is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	right	1
1 B is positioned below V and to the left.
2 B is over there and N is directly below it.
3 B is below A and to the left of A.
4 J is over X.
5 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
6 V is south west of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 M is above V and to the right of V.
2 R and V are vertical and R is above V.
3 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
4 P is placed in the right direction of I.
5 J is on the left and M is on the right.
6 M is positioned left to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the bottom and T is on the top.
2 V is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 H is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
4 K is over X.
5 H is to the top-left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 O is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
2 Object J is below object M and to the right of it, too.
3 M is directly below W.
4 N and J are next to each other with J at the bottom N on the top.
5 N is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	below	1
1 F is upper left of Y.
2 I is on the right side to R.
3 K presents upper right to E.
4 V and R are vertical and V is below R.
5 R is above and to the left of U.
6 Y is positioned below V and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	below	1
1 B is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
2 Y is placed on the top of U.
3 L and F are both there with the object L is to the right of object F.
4 U is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 L is positioned below Y and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	above	1
1 R and W are parallel, and R on the right of W.
2 G is upper left of W.
3 K is on the top side to I.
4 A is at the bottom of D vertically.
5 K is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 X is diagonally left and below K.
2 Z is lower left to A.
3 L is upper left of B.
4 B is sitting at the lower right position to X.
5 C is to the right of K horizontally.
6 L is sitting at the top position to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the bottom and F is on the top.
2 Q is upper left of F.
3 F is sitting at the lower right position to B.
4 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
5 M is on the left side of and below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
2 D is sitting at the top position to K.
3 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
4 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
5 B is below and to the right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	left	1
1 Y and C are vertical and Y is above C.
2 K is sitting at the lower right position to J.
3 Z is on the left side to K.
4 T is below Z and to the left of Z.
5 W and Z are vertical and W is above Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	below	1
1 L and E are parallel, and L is on top of E.
2 R is placed on the top of E.
3 V is above U at 2 o'clock.
4 Z is over D.
5 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	above	1
1 A and V are side by side with A to the right and V to the left.
2 R and B are side by side with B at the bottom and R on the top.
3 N and E are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
4 R is to the right of L.
5 A is sitting at the upper left position to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	right	1
1 N is below I with a small gap between them.
2 X is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
3 The object M and U are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 Object Z is below object X and to the left of it, too.
5 N is positioned above and to the left of E.
6 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	right	1
1 V is placed at the upper right of I.
2 V and U are parallel, and V is over U.
3 R is below U at 4 o'clock.
4 M is directly above Z.
5 R is positioned down and to the left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 W is directly above T.
2 Z and O are parallel, and Z is on top of O.
3 E and Z are parallel, and E is on top of Z.
4 I is on the left and J is on the right.
5 J is over E.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	above	1
1 Y is above Z and to the left of Z.
2 L is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
3 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
4 F is on the top side to I.
5 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
6 C is north east of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the left of C.
2 H is at the lower side of P.
3 J and P are next to each other with P on the right and J on the left.
4 H is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 H is positioned in the front right corner of L.
6 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 D and B are parallel, and B is below D.
2 L is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 L is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 R and I are in a vertical line with I below R.
5 K is on the left side of and below Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 O is upper right to I.
2 T is over there and O is directly above it.
3 I is below P at 7 o'clock.
4 U is below T and to the right of T.
5 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
6 G presents lower right to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned down and to the left of H.
2 Z is sitting at the upper left position to O.
3 C is directly below O.
4 The objects B and Q are over there. The object B is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
5 Q is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 V is below A at 4 o'clock.
2 H is at the lower side of L.
3 X is on top of V.
4 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
5 E is sitting at the lower left position to C.
6 V is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 D presents right to H.
2 The object A and T are there. The object A is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
3 C is over there and K is on the right of it.
4 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
5 D is below A and to the right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	above	1
1 W and V are side by side with W on the top and V at the bottom.
2 X is upper left of H.
3 Y is positioned below and to the right of X.
4 R is positioned in the top left corner of W.
5 F is positioned below M.
6 W is sitting at the upper right position to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Object D is below object M and to the left of it, too.
2 K is below and to the left of V.
3 P is on the left side of and below Z.
4 G is to the bottom-right of D.
5 D is below and to the left of N.
6 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	left	1
1 L is placed on the top of B.
2 H is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
3 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
4 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
5 M is positioned above N and to the right.
6 S is over there with N below.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	below	1
1 M is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 B and S are next to each other with S on the right and B on the left.
3 J is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
4 V is below F at 4 o'clock.
5 S is directly south east of Y.
6 The object S is positioned directly above the object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 X is below D at 7 o'clock.
2 Object M is below object U and to the right of it, too.
3 M is on the top of L and is on the same vertical plane.
4 I and P are side by side with P at the bottom and I on the top.
5 M is over there and X is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 R and U are side by side with U at the bottom and R on the top.
2 M presents over V.
3 M and J are parallel, and M is to the right of J.
4 M is directly below F.
5 V is at the bottom of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object R is positioned directly above the object C.
2 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to Y.
3 Q is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 C and W are in a vertical line with W below C.
5 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
6 Y is under C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K is at R’s 9 o'clock.
2 J and V are vertical and J is above V.
3 H and I are both there with the object H is to the right of object I.
4 R is on top of H.
5 X is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 I is at the bottom of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 K is above Q and to the left of Q.
2 P and V are parallel, and P is under V.
3 Q is to the right of J horizontally.
4 T is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 J is positioned below C.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
2 P is to the top-right of Z.
3 D is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 D is above V at 10 o'clock.
5 V is to the left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the bottom right of O.
2 J is positioned in the top left corner of T.
3 L is positioned above and to the left of G.
4 X is on the right and T is on the left.
5 O is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 X is placed at the lower left of S.
3 U is above I at 2 o'clock.
4 X is on the lower left of I.
5 U is above L with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	below	1
1 L is below and to the left of O.
2 L is below Q.
3 G is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
4 Y is north east of Z.
5 Z presents below E.
6 Z and L are horizontal and Z is to the left of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	left	1
1 B is below X with a small gap between them.
2 X and N are next to each other with X on the top and N at the bottom.
3 F is placed at the lower left of X.
4 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
5 L is below B and to the right of B.
6 D is positioned right to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	below	1
1 R is sitting at the upper right position to P.
2 I is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
3 X is to the left of G.
4 R is directly south east of A.
5 P is north east of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 T is below C and to the left of C.
2 J and N are vertical and J is above N.
3 N and A are parallel, and N is to the right of A.
4 E and O are in a vertical line with O below E.
5 O is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	right	1
1 P is over there and E is directly below it.
2 Z is under X.
3 A is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
4 K is upper right to S.
5 A is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	below	1
1 E and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
2 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
3 T is below and to the left of B.
4 T and J are side by side with T to the right and J to the left.
5 B is under D.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 H is upper left of Y.
2 P is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 R and P are side by side with P at the bottom and R on the top.
4 T and H are horizontal and T is to the right of H.
5 H is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
6 Q and B are horizontal and Q is to the right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Y is over there and N is on the left.
2 E is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
3 L is north west of A.
4 X is on the top side to L.
5 Y is to the top of L vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K and D are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
2 P is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 Y is on the left side of and below V.
4 R is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 A and Y are both there with the object A above the object Y.
6 E and P are both there with the object E above the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	above	1
1 O is over there and F is on the right.
2 N is at T’s 9 o'clock.
3 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
4 H is below Z and to the left of Z.
5 Q is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	left	1
1 F is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
2 E is on the left and S is on the right.
3 R and F are parallel, and R is to the left of F.
4 E is below B at 7 o'clock.
5 P and Z are parallel, and P is over Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	above	1
1 B is positioned in the top left corner of P.
2 K is to the top right of B.
3 U presents over H.
4 C is on the left side of and below U.
5 X is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face X.
6 P is directly north east of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 V and I are side by side with V on the top and I at the bottom.
2 T and R are in a vertical line with R below T.
3 A is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 R is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 P is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 U is positioned left to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q is directly above X.
2 L is placed on the top of W.
3 F is on top of J.
4 F is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
5 A is to the top right of W.
6 F and G are parallel, and F is to the right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face Q.
2 Q is over there and J is directly below it.
3 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
4 P is positioned above O.
5 D is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Y is positioned down and to the left of D.
2 I and B are parallel, and B is below I.
3 T and N are parallel, and T is to the left of N.
4 J and N are parallel, and J is on top of N.
5 J is diagonally right and above Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 The object E and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 X and J are in a vertical line with X on top.
3 N is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 N and I are next to each other with I on the right and N on the left.
5 N is on the lower left of X.
6 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	below	1
1 J is positioned right to O.
2 Z is above and to the right of O.
3 R presents right to P.
4 B is there and O is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 M is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
6 B is to the upper left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	right	1
1 B is below S.
2 S is below and to the left of L.
3 If G is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
4 L is sitting at the upper left position to W.
5 O is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	below	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly below T.
2 R is on the right side and top of X.
3 D is above M and to the left of M.
4 R is directly below Y.
5 B is below R and to the right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
2 E is sitting in the left direction of P.
3 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
4 W is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 R is over there with V above.
6 R and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	below	1
1 Y is diagonally above G to the right at a 45 degree.
2 B is placed in the left direction of Y.
3 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
4 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
5 L is over there and I is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 H is directly south west of A.
2 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
3 A is placed in the left direction of P.
4 S is over there with P below.
5 A and U are vertical and A is below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	right	1
1 P is at I's 12 o'clock.
2 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
3 R is placed in the right direction of Z.
4 Z is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
5 P is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
6 X is above N.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 P is over there and T is on the right of it.
2 Q is below R at 7 o'clock.
3 P is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 J is above E.
5 P is south west of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	right	1
1 G is placed in the left direction of U.
2 R is over there and J is on the left.
3 W is over there and V is on the right of it.
4 W is over L.
5 W and J are vertical and W is below J.
6 S is at R's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	right	1
1 Q is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
2 Q is positioned in the front right corner of I.
3 J is south west of E.
4 A is at W's 3 o'clock.
5 E is sitting at the upper left position to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Y is upper left of R.
2 L is above S with a small gap between them.
3 M is to the bottom-right of Q.
4 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
5 S and T are parallel, and S is over T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
2 V is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 F is on the left and E is on the right.
4 F and V are in a vertical line with V below F.
5 W is on the upper right of F.
6 V and C are parallel, and V is on top of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 W is placed at the lower left of X.
2 Q is directly north west of K.
3 M presents lower left to C.
4 F and K are next to each other with F on the left and K on the right.
5 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
6 N is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
2 T and R are vertical and T is below R.
3 C is over there and L is on the left of it.
4 O is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 T is on the right side and below L.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the left side and above D.
2 A is above and to the right of D.
3 L presents lower right to D.
4 Z is directly north east of P.
5 A is over there and U is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	below	1
1 J presents lower left to N.
2 Q and M are both there with the object Q is to the left of object M.
3 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
4 N is over there and M is at the bottom of it.
5 Q and O are vertical and Q is below O.
6 X is placed at the bottom of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	right	1
1 D is to the bottom left of H.
2 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
3 C is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 C presents right to M.
5 I and J are both there with the object I above the object J.
6 A is over H.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	above	1
1 Y is upper left of T.
2 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
3 G presents upper right to X.
4 T is there and U is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 L and Y are parallel, and L on the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Z is above O.
2 F is above and to the right of S.
3 F is positioned above T.
4 A is below F at 4 o'clock.
5 T is positioned below L and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 O is below S.
2 O is over there with M above.
3 M is over there with Y below.
4 A is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 Y is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
6 Y presents right to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
2 Q and U are side by side with U at the bottom and Q on the top.
3 D is sitting at the lower position to Q.
4 L is on the right side and below D.
5 J is positioned up and to the right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Object S is above object F and to the left of it, too.
2 S and L are vertical and S is below L.
3 H is positioned below Y and to the right.
4 C is positioned above U and to the right.
5 W is placed at the lower right of F.
6 H is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 B is below L at 4 o'clock.
3 M is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 H is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 M is positioned below X and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the lower right of I.
2 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
3 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 The object Q is positioned directly below the object N.
5 S is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 S is at the bottom and N is on the top.
2 X is to the bottom left of P.
3 K is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 B and J are next to each other with J at the bottom B on the top.
5 K is placed at the bottom of A.
6 N is placed at the lower right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	above	1
1 Q is to the bottom right of Z.
2 V and Z are parallel, and V on the right of Z.
3 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
4 V is over there and L is on the right.
5 V is positioned below D and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	right	1
1 T is diagonally right and above Y.
2 V is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
3 H is placed at the lower left of J.
4 M and Y are parallel, and M is under Y.
5 S presents upper left to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Y is placed in the left direction of L.
2 W is placed at the upper left of T.
3 T is on the top side to G.
4 Q is to the bottom left of P.
5 P is at G's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	below	1
1 F and O are parallel, and F is to the left of O.
2 O is to the top right of A.
3 X is over there and W is on the left.
4 E is sitting at the top position to J.
5 F is at the bottom of X vertically.
6 If K is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned left to E.
2 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
3 O is over there and K is on the top of it.
4 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
5 H and L are side by side with H on the top and L at the bottom.
6 The object K and S are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 X and O are both there with the object X is to the right of object O.
2 M is lower left to C.
3 X and C are vertical and X is below C.
4 L is at E's 12 o'clock.
5 U is at V's 12 o'clock.
6 M is on the top side to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Q is positioned down and to the left of B.
2 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
3 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
4 V is placed in the right direction of O.
5 J is on the left and S is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 M presents right to T.
2 K and B are both there with the object K is to the right of object B.
3 P is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 C is over there with R above.
5 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object V and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 W is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 V is lower right of R.
4 X and R are next to each other with X on the left and R on the right.
5 J is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 H and T are next to each other with T on the right and H on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned down and to the left of J.
2 The object O is positioned directly above the object V.
3 U and N are both there with the object U is to the right of object N.
4 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
5 O is on the top and U is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 F is sitting at the top position to V.
2 G is over there and Z is on the right of it.
3 T and Z are side by side with T on the top and Z at the bottom.
4 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
5 G is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Q is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 I is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
3 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
4 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
5 The objects F and P are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
6 A is on the same vertical plane directly above Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	right	1
1 B and T are next to each other with B on the left and T on the right.
2 L is to the top-left of M.
3 Y is placed in the right direction of L.
4 Z is placed in the right direction of Y.
5 If E is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	left	1
1 F and P are side by side with F to the left and P to the right.
2 N is positioned below F and to the left.
3 K is placed at the bottom of N.
4 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
5 R is sitting in the right direction of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 F is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 P is above G at 2 o'clock.
3 S is on the top and A is at the bottom.
4 J is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
5 X is diagonally to the upper right of A.
6 P is on the top and S is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	above	1
1 Z is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
3 M is positioned in the lower right corner of X.
4 J presents over X.
5 F is over there and Z is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 The objects N and R are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object D.
3 M is to the top of D vertically.
4 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
5 W is directly north west of D.
6 M is sitting in the left direction of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	right	1
1 Z is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 A is on the right and D is on the left.
3 D presents lower right to M.
4 A and R are parallel, and R is below A.
5 W is north west of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	below	1
1 N is on the right side and below I.
2 H is below L with a small gap between them.
3 W is on the right side and top of H.
4 O is positioned down and to the left of H.
5 L is to the bottom right of R.
6 F and W are parallel, and F is under W.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 G and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
2 K is positioned below and to the right of E.
3 G is at the lower side of P.
4 Object C is below object B and to the right of it, too.
5 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	above	1
1 Q is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face Q.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, O is located between 10 and 11.
3 O is above and to the left of J.
4 G is positioned above V and to the left.
5 The object G and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 The objects N and H are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 N is sitting at the lower position to D.
3 A presents upper right to H.
4 C is on the upper right of J.
5 X and H are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the left side and above L.
2 P is sitting at the upper right position to K.
3 R and A are both there with the object R above the object A.
4 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
5 G is over there and F is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	above	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper right of I.
2 R is diagonally right and above M.
3 B is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
4 T is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
5 V presents lower left to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the right side to Z.
2 A is at Z's 3 o'clock.
3 G is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
4 B is there and Z is at the 2 position of a clock face B.
5 I is sitting at the lower position to C.
6 A is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 A is upper left of R.
2 O is sitting at the upper left position to G.
3 H is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 U is to the right of A.
5 G and N are side by side with G to the right and N to the left.
6 O and A are side by side with A at the bottom and O on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	left	1
1 P is to the upper left of Q.
2 J presents lower left to Z.
3 C is over there and J is on the right of it.
4 Z is below K with a small gap between them.
5 G and Z are in a vertical line with G on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
2 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
3 G is north east of E.
4 O is above A at 10 o'clock.
5 H and A are vertical and H is above A.
6 A is to the top-left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
2 H is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
3 S is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 A is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
5 Object H is below object S and to the left of it, too.
6 X is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 X is over there and G is on the top of it.
2 D is on the top and T is at the bottom.
3 T is at W's 6 o'clock.
4 V is sitting at the upper right position to N.
5 N is to the upper left of T.
6 If B is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	right	1
1 F is placed at the bottom of M.
2 M is over R.
3 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
4 Object V is above object G and to the left of it, too.
5 M is placed at the upper left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	above	1
1 V is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
2 Q is north east of C.
3 L is to the top right of U.
4 L is to the top-right of X.
5 X is positioned above Z and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
4 R is sitting at the upper left position to X.
5 D is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N is over there and T is on the right.
2 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
3 The object B and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
4 B is placed at the lower right of R.
5 O is to the bottom-right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	right	1
1 P presents left to J.
2 Y is over N.
3 J is above N at 10 o'clock.
4 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
5 R is placed at the lower left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 R is on the left and V is on the right.
2 V is to the upper left of Q.
3 V is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
4 S is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 R is below C at 7 o'clock.
6 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 S is upper left of D.
2 D is diagonally right and below R.
3 N and Y are side by side with N to the left and Y to the right.
4 H is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
5 Y is sitting at the upper right position to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
2 P is at the bottom and H is on the top.
3 F is above and to the right of I.
4 F and G are parallel, and F is to the left of G.
5 G is sitting at the lower left position to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	left	1
1 F and I are parallel, and F on the right of I.
2 C is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
4 T and F are horizontal and T is to the right of F.
5 O is on the right side and below H.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the right side and top of R.
2 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
3 S is on the top side to V.
4 T is on the right side and top of S.
5 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
6 E is sitting at the lower left position to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	below	1
1 Y is directly below O.
2 N and Y are in a vertical line with N on top.
3 Object M is below object S and to the right of it, too.
4 The object R is positioned directly above the object F.
5 O and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
6 N is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	right	1
1 J is to the right of H.
2 J is to the left of P.
3 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
4 The objects W and P are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
5 L is on the upper right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	right	1
1 S is on the top side to A.
2 Y and L are side by side with Y to the right and L to the left.
3 Y and S are in a vertical line with Y on top.
4 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
5 K and S are parallel, and K is on top of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	above	1
1 Q is on the left side and above E.
2 The objects R and Q are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
3 E presents over O.
4 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
5 A presents below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	below	1
1 Z is to the left of L horizontally.
2 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
3 A is over there with P above.
4 I is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face I.
5 G is on the left side to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 C is on the lower right of J.
2 N is sitting at the upper right position to J.
3 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
4 C is on the upper right of S.
5 S and Y are parallel, and Y is below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	below	1
1 U is placed in the right direction of I.
2 H is upper left of R.
3 E is over there and M is directly below it.
4 E is positioned up and to the right of U.
5 I is diagonally left and above I.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	right	1
1 P is lower left to F.
2 R is at F’s 9 o'clock.
3 R is over there with C above.
4 C and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and C on the left.
5 T presents below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	left	1
1 X is diagonally below F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
3 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object O.
4 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
5 T is positioned above N and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	left	1
1 F and K are next to each other with F on the left and K on the right.
2 U is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 U is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
4 Y is diagonally to the upper right of W.
5 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
6 F is sitting at the top position to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	below	1
1 K and R are both there with the object K is to the right of object R.
2 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
3 E is over there and A is on the right.
4 B and S are next to each other with B on the left and S on the right.
5 C is upper right to R.
6 If W is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	right	1
1 J presents below C.
2 U and C are in a vertical line with C below U.
3 W is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 W is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 N is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly below the object D.
2 Q and Z are parallel, and Q is on top of Z.
3 The object Z is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
4 Z is positioned above L.
5 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
6 J is diagonally left and below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 W is upper right to R.
3 V is north east of R.
4 O is to the bottom-left of V.
5 O and L are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 S is positioned above M and to the left.
3 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
4 X is over there and M is on the right.
5 A and J are in a vertical line with A on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the bottom left of R.
2 B and Y are both there with the object Y below the object B.
3 Object P is below object J and to the left of it, too.
4 Q is placed on the top of G.
5 J presents left to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 W presents lower right to Z.
2 C is south west of B.
3 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
4 Z and O are parallel, and Z is over O.
5 D is to the right of W horizontally.
6 Z is on the lower right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, D is located between 2 and 3.
2 I is diagonally to the upper left of L.
3 F is lower right of B.
4 E is above and to the left of L.
5 U and E are side by side with E at the bottom and U on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 The objects C and O are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
3 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
4 F and D are parallel, and F is on top of D.
5 B is placed at the upper left of H.
6 O is placed at the lower left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Q is below N and to the right of N.
2 Object R is above object G and to the left of it, too.
3 B and G are in a vertical line with G below B.
4 R is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower righthand corner.
5 T is on the lower left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Object B is below object L and to the left of it, too.
2 H is over there and V is on the right.
3 U presents left to L.
4 L is over there and H is on the left.
5 H is south west of P.
6 S is to the upper left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
2 The object D is lower and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 K is on the top and U is at the bottom.
4 O is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 R and O are side by side with R to the left and O to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 B and I are side by side with B to the left and I to the right.
3 P is on top of S.
4 S is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
5 J is on the left and P is on the right.
6 D is below and to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	left	1
1 P is on top of T.
2 I is on the lower right of T.
3 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
4 U is placed at the bottom of E.
5 P and N are side by side with P to the right and N to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 Z is directly above X.
2 O is to the left of J horizontally.
3 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
4 O is to the upper left of X.
5 T is on the right and X is on the left.
6 The object W and I are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	above	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
2 Y is sitting at the upper left position to X.
3 O is upper right to X.
4 If T is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 7 and 8.
5 R and P are vertical and R is below P.
6 N is on top of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
2 C is directly south east of U.
3 G is to the top of A vertically.
4 B and F are both there with the object B is to the right of object F.
5 C is placed at the upper right of P.
6 U is north east of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	left	1
1 F is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 R and D are horizontal and R is to the left of D.
3 C and H are side by side with H at the bottom and C on the top.
4 T and N are side by side with N at the bottom and T on the top.
5 D presents left to I.
6 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	right	1
1 Z and U are side by side with Z on the top and U at the bottom.
2 K is to the right of L.
3 N is upper left of Y.
4 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
5 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the top of G vertically.
2 R and Q are parallel, and R is on top of Q.
3 M is sitting at the upper left position to D.
4 L is on top of M.
5 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
6 L is on top of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	above	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
2 V is positioned below E.
3 C is diagonally right and above E.
4 Y is to the top right of V.
5 R is on the right side and top of M.
6 B and Q are parallel, and Q is below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 J is at the bottom and M is on the top.
2 A is to the top-right of D.
3 N is below A at 4 o'clock.
4 F is on the left side and above S.
5 D and S are side by side with D on the top and S at the bottom.
6 T is above N and to the left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	above	1
1 X is below Z at 7 o'clock.
2 Z is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 V and X are in a vertical line with V on top.
4 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the top position to O.
2 V and C are side by side with V to the right and C to the left.
3 M is to the bottom-right of J.
4 E is there and X is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
5 M is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 M is positioned above O and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	above	1
1 R is south west of H.
2 I is below A at 4 o'clock.
3 Z and D are parallel, and Z is to the right of D.
4 P and N are next to each other with N on the right and P on the left.
5 A is positioned below and to the right of H.
6 H is positioned left to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 G is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
2 T is positioned left to Y.
3 F is diagonally to the upper right of N.
4 M is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
5 T is lower left to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	above	1
1 R is on the right and O is on the left.
2 S presents upper left to Z.
3 O is diagonally above D to the right at a 45 degree.
4 W is to the right of R.
5 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
6 Object F is above object R and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	right	1
1 Y is on the right side and below W.
2 R is positioned below U.
3 G is positioned in the top left corner of A.
4 Y is positioned below U and to the right.
5 J is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 C is below and to the right of X.
2 J and X are parallel, and J is under X.
3 M is below C and to the left of C.
4 I is on the top and K is at the bottom.
5 C and W are parallel, and C is to the right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	right	1
1 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
2 O is on the right side and below H.
3 P is sitting at the upper right position to A.
4 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
5 S is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 P is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Z is over there and G is on the right.
2 The object M and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
4 G and A are parallel, and G on the right of A.
5 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
2 D is above K.
3 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
4 P is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
5 R is to the upper left of B.
6 O is sitting at the lower right position to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 F presents upper left to U.
2 Z is below J.
3 D is placed at the upper right of S.
4 Y is positioned up and to the right of D.
5 Y is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 Z is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 T and I are side by side with I at the bottom and T on the top.
2 V is below C at 7 o'clock.
3 T is sitting in the left direction of V.
4 C is over there and A is on the right.
5 H and M are in a vertical line with H on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 N and J are parallel, and N is to the right of J.
2 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
3 V is under Y.
4 J is positioned above C.
5 C is below Y.
6 J presents below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	below	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
2 U and T are parallel, and U is to the left of T.
3 O is on the lower left of M.
4 T is diagonally left and below Q.
5 Y is on the lower right of X.
6 Q is at M's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned left to U.
2 X is placed in the left direction of Y.
3 The object Z and U are there. The object Z is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 S is diagonally left and above S.
5 Z is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
6 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper right of U.
2 R is placed at the upper right of H.
3 The object Z and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
4 S is over there with M below.
5 A is on the lower left of T.
6 S and A are side by side with A at the bottom and S on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	left	1
1 W is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 V and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
3 S is to the bottom right of U.
4 S and R are horizontal and S is to the right of R.
5 K is north east of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
2 D is at the bottom and A is on the top.
3 Q is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
5 X is above I at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 U is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 Y is to the upper left of L.
3 T and G are parallel, and T is to the right of G.
4 Y and T are parallel, and Y is under T.
5 T is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned above F.
2 C is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
3 Y is sitting in the right direction of C.
4 G is positioned in the top left corner of N.
5 S is there and C is at the 2 position of a clock face S.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 E and S are both there with the object E above the object S.
2 Q is at the lower side of Y.
3 N is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 G is below and to the left of Y.
5 Y is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 T is above and to the right of Q.
2 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
3 T and B are in a vertical line with T on top.
4 A is placed in the right direction of Z.
5 Q and R are vertical and Q is below R.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
2 W is on the top side to N.
3 L is below and to the right of N.
4 G and M are side by side with G on the top and M at the bottom.
5 N is at V's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 F is directly below R.
2 X is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
4 K is at F’s 9 o'clock.
5 R is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
6 H is directly below Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	below	1
1 P is to the bottom-right of Z.
2 K and P are next to each other with P on the right and K on the left.
3 I is over there and K is on the left.
4 I is diagonally to the upper right of R.
5 T and B are horizontal and T is to the right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	left	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper left position to L.
2 L is positioned below M and to the right.
3 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
4 M is north east of C.
5 S is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 K is diagonally left and above K.
3 I is sitting at the lower left position to P.
4 S is on the top side to C.
5 S is positioned above and to the left of G.
6 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
2 G is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 O is positioned above T and to the right.
4 P is positioned in the top left corner of I.
5 I is above Y at 10 o'clock.
6 P is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 F is diagonally to the upper left of R.
3 S is to the bottom right of X.
4 S and M are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
5 E is above S at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
2 P and C are horizontal and P is to the left of C.
3 U is at M's 6 o'clock.
4 E is placed in the right direction of U.
5 Q and X are next to each other with X on the right and Q on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Y is south west of B.
2 S is on the right side to B.
3 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
4 O is diagonally left and above O.
5 I is placed at the lower left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is to the bottom left of H.
2 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object H.
3 The object O is positioned below and to the left of the object Q.
4 W is at the bottom of T.
5 R is to the top-right of Y.
6 W and Y are parallel, and W is over Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
2 M is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
4 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
5 D is on the left side of and below T.
6 B is above and to the right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 O and D are both there with the object O above the object D.
2 L is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 L is diagonally right and above J.
4 J is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
5 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
6 H is to the bottom-left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 V is placed on the top of O.
2 The object Y and B are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 N presents right to V.
4 N is placed in the right direction of B.
5 K is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 L is above Y at 2 o'clock.
2 Y presents lower left to D.
3 R is to the right of A.
4 B is to the bottom-left of K.
5 R is on the lower left of S.
6 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
2 G is diagonally below F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 R is to the bottom-right of F.
4 F is north west of B.
5 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 H is directly above D.
2 R is positioned in the top left corner of K.
3 V is to the top of A vertically.
4 A is to the right of Q horizontally.
5 R and Q are side by side with R to the right and Q to the left.
6 Z and A are parallel, and Z is over A.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	left	1
1 H is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
2 V is sitting at the upper right position to I.
3 H is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 The object F and C are there. The object F is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
5 V is positioned below L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	above	1
1 T and M are side by side with T to the right and M to the left.
2 D is placed in the left direction of P.
3 P is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
5 F is above and to the right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 P is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
2 A is over there and F is on the left of it.
3 F is to the left of T horizontally.
4 V is at the bottom of O.
5 A is lower left to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	left	1
1 E is upper right to A.
2 A is at S's 3 o'clock.
3 R is positioned right to X.
4 Q is sitting at the upper left position to S.
5 I is placed at the upper left of A.
6 E is directly below H.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	right	1
1 Y is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
2 I and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
3 D is over there with F above.
4 I is over M.
5 V and G are side by side with V to the right and G to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 X is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
3 U and Y are in a vertical line with U on top.
4 J is upper left of D.
5 Y and K are parallel, and Y is to the left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I is lower right of K.
2 U is lower right of J.
3 F is to the upper left of W.
4 W is to the left of U horizontally.
5 Object P is below object U and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	left	1
1 R is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 N and H are parallel, and N is to the right of H.
3 W is placed at the upper right of J.
4 I and R are next to each other with I on the top and R at the bottom.
5 The object U is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
6 B is positioned above U and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed in the left direction of O.
2 N is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
4 V is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 A is directly south west of O.
6 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	left	1
1 G is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 X is to the bottom left of L.
3 N is positioned above T.
4 W and N are next to each other with N on the right and W on the left.
5 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
6 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed at the lower left of J.
2 W is sitting at the lower left position to U.
3 I and A are both there with the object I is to the left of object A.
4 D is sitting in the right direction of L.
5 W is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
6 D is positioned below P and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Object A is above object M and to the left of it, too.
3 W and N are side by side with W to the left and N to the right.
4 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
5 L is placed in the right direction of Y.
6 L is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 R and X are next to each other with X at the bottom R on the top.
2 M is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
3 Object M is below object J and to the left of it, too.
4 G is positioned below and to the right of M.
5 U is on the right side and below V.
6 G is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 C is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
2 C is below K and to the left of K.
3 I is sitting at the top position to B.
4 Z and H are parallel, and Z is to the left of H.
5 K and Z are parallel, and K on the right of Z.
6 O is on the top and R is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 O is placed on the top of G.
2 I is diagonally right and above B.
3 If I is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
4 B is on the lower right of F.
5 I is positioned above Y and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
2 The object L is positioned directly below the object J.
3 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
4 T and L are in a vertical line with L below T.
5 Q is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 L is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting in the left direction of A.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object S.
3 C is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
4 M is sitting at the lower right position to H.
5 Z is on top of M.
6 K is on the top and M is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the upper left of V.
2 Z is above G and to the right of G.
3 G is directly above K.
4 V is on the lower left of J.
5 V is sitting at the top position to Y.
6 If X is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 C is directly below N.
2 E is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 N is positioned above and to the left of G.
4 I is positioned above X.
5 C is north west of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 N and U are horizontal and N is to the left of U.
2 U is to the top of C vertically.
3 N is on the right and X is on the left.
4 X is directly north west of S.
5 X is south west of W.
6 R is to the right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the lower right position to J.
2 Q is to the upper left of L.
3 I and M are parallel, and I on the left of M.
4 M is to the top-left of J.
5 Z is at the lower side of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 B is on the right and P is on the left.
3 E is over there and O is on the right.
4 The object Y and B are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
5 G is to the bottom right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
2 U is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face U.
3 W is positioned above D.
4 I is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 U and Q are parallel, and U on the left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned below M and to the right.
2 The object R and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 C is on the left and A is on the right.
4 C is diagonally to the upper right of U.
5 L is positioned down and to the left of A.
6 W and F are horizontal and W is to the left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	above	1
1 T is over there and K is directly above it.
2 Q is above and to the right of A.
3 Z is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
5 A is on the left side and above V.
6 V is above K.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W and F are next to each other with F on the right and W on the left.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
3 T is over there with Q above.
4 Q is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 R is on the right side and below F.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 A is to the top-left of I.
3 B is to the bottom right of L.
4 D is to the left of I.
5 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
6 C is sitting in the right direction of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 J is above I.
2 I is positioned right to H.
3 O is above M at 2 o'clock.
4 Z presents right to J.
5 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
6 The object E is positioned directly above the object R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents lower left to K.
2 Z and W are parallel, and Z is to the left of W.
3 Z presents lower right to Y.
4 P is on the top of O and is on the same vertical plane.
5 M is at W's 3 o'clock.
6 Y is positioned below E and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 E presents upper left to F.
2 The objects Q and E are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 O is above and to the left of W.
4 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
5 F is on the lower right of X.
6 X is diagonally right and above J.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
2 A is north east of X.
3 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
4 M is on the right side and below V.
5 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object D.
6 S is below and to the right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the upper left of T.
2 V is north west of G.
3 N is directly south east of Z.
4 T presents lower right to Z.
5 Z is on the left and L is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 W is sitting in the left direction of M.
3 G is to the top of A vertically.
4 A is to the upper left of M.
5 S is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
6 A is over there and O is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 T is lower left to R.
3 T is below and to the right of J.
4 Z is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
5 N is positioned below D and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 J is south east of M.
2 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 B is on the right and D is on the left.
4 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
5 M is above B and to the left of B.
6 M is over R.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 V is on top of W.
2 V is at the lower side of Z.
3 The object D is positioned directly above the object A.
4 N is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 H is above W and to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 R and F are parallel, and R on the right of F.
2 S is to the top-left of P.
3 B presents below P.
4 D is placed at the upper right of X.
5 N is sitting at the upper right position to F.
6 N and B are horizontal and N is to the left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The object B and P are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 A is positioned below J and to the right.
3 D is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
4 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
5 Z is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	left	1
1 H is positioned up and to the right of M.
2 S is at the lower side of B.
3 Z and K are parallel, and Z is to the right of K.
4 S is above U and to the left of U.
5 B is above and to the right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Object T is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 I and U are vertical and I is above U.
3 Y is placed at the lower left of V.
4 Q is to the top of U vertically.
5 I is positioned above F.
6 I is over there and W is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 C is diagonally right and above P.
2 H is below C and to the right of C.
3 U is directly south west of P.
4 L and U are parallel, and L is to the right of U.
5 B and J are vertical and B is below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Z and J are parallel, and Z is on top of J.
3 Object T is above object S and to the left of it, too.
4 The object F is positioned directly below the object R.
5 If Z is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	right	1
1 R and N are both there with the object N below the object R.
2 T is positioned above N and to the left.
3 C is placed in the left direction of T.
4 I is at R’s 9 o'clock.
5 W is sitting at the top position to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	above	1
1 The objects M and D are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 M is directly north east of X.
3 I is positioned left to A.
4 Q is placed at the upper right of M.
5 The objects Q and J are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 I is placed at the bottom of E.
2 U is over there and A is on the left.
3 U is sitting at the lower right position to K.
4 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
5 O is sitting at the top position to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
2 T is positioned below N and to the left.
3 The objects K and N are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
4 C is over there and E is on the top of it.
5 E is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 E is positioned above K and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 C is positioned below N and to the left.
3 C and Z are in a vertical line with Z below C.
4 N presents below L.
5 T is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
6 H is to the left of K horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	right	1
1 N and W are parallel, and N is to the right of W.
2 J is to the bottom-left of A.
3 N is on the left side and above X.
4 R is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 N is on the upper right of T.
6 Object Q is below object X and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 C is at the lower side of M.
2 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 M is positioned left to G.
4 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
5 V is over there and G is on the left.
6 L is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 J is over H.
2 V is to the top-left of Z.
3 R is to the top right of J.
4 R presents over Q.
5 Q and A are both there with the object Q above the object A.
6 R and K are both there with the object R is to the left of object K.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 W is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 A is placed in the right direction of O.
3 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
4 Q is to the top right of S.
5 Y is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 W is over there and R is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 J is at the bottom of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Y is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 E is placed in the left direction of Z.
4 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
5 D is below and to the left of E.
6 Z is over there and K is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is over there and F is directly above it.
2 K is on the right side and below F.
3 The objects A and V are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
4 I is positioned in the front right corner of K.
5 Z is to the left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 V is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 F and C are side by side with F to the left and C to the right.
3 A and V are side by side with V at the bottom and A on the top.
4 A is to the upper left of X.
5 If A is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	right	1
1 B is upper left of P.
2 M is north west of P.
3 J and D are in a vertical line with D below J.
4 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
5 C is to the left of P horizontally.
6 The object H and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	below	1
1 I presents left to G.
2 D presents lower left to I.
3 T is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
4 H is over there and X is on the left.
5 A is south east of T.
6 F and T are next to each other with T at the bottom F on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
2 M is on the left side of and below N.
3 L and K are side by side with K at the bottom and L on the top.
4 The object L is positioned directly below the object Q.
5 E and K are horizontal and E is to the left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 I is placed in the left direction of T.
2 P and M are next to each other with P on the left and M on the right.
3 C is diagonally left and above C.
4 T and M are parallel, and T is over M.
5 O is at M's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	left	1
1 W is positioned in the top left corner of E.
2 Q is at the bottom of G vertically.
3 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
4 P is to the top-left of Y.
5 P is directly below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	below	1
1 A is at F's 6 o'clock.
2 F is south west of M.
3 U presents below H.
4 N is placed at the lower right of S.
5 U is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 P is above H with a small gap between them.
2 Object J is above object P and to the left of it, too.
3 The objects G and Q are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
4 P is over there and Q is on the right of it.
5 X and T are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
6 F is on the lower right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the top of D vertically.
2 I is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 N is diagonally left and above N.
4 O is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
5 W is south east of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 E is at Y's 3 o'clock.
2 S and R are parallel, and S is under R.
3 M is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
4 M is diagonally left and below V.
5 Y is to the top of H vertically.
6 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K is directly below F.
2 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object Z.
3 A is on the upper right of G.
4 K and O are next to each other with K on the top and O at the bottom.
5 If H is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
6 F is sitting at the upper left position to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	left	1
1 F is over W.
2 Y is at Q's 12 o'clock.
3 J is to the top-right of Q.
4 The object W is positioned directly above the object L.
5 F is below Q with a small gap between them.
6 X is at S's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
2 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
3 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 D is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 I is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
6 L and C are both there with the object L is to the left of object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	right	1
1 L is on the right side to M.
2 K is diagonally left and below M.
3 Q presents right to K.
4 J is to the top-left of M.
5 The object I and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
6 R is diagonally right and above M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	above	1
1 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
2 B is positioned right to L.
3 Y is on the left and M is on the right.
4 If V is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
5 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
6 P is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 W is above and to the left of L.
2 E is on the right side and top of A.
3 X is lower right of V.
4 W is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
5 L is over there and R is directly below it.
6 X is positioned below L and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 X is at the bottom of I vertically.
2 B is above A with a small gap between them.
3 B is placed at the upper right of C.
4 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
5 O is positioned in the top left corner of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 Q is above S at 2 o'clock.
4 N is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
5 U and W are parallel, and U is on top of W.
6 S is at G's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is positioned directly above the object P.
2 O is placed at the lower right of F.
3 B presents upper left to F.
4 V and T are both there with the object V is to the left of object T.
5 The object F and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
2 Q is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 V is upper right to M.
4 L is above X at 2 o'clock.
5 L and Q are horizontal and L is to the right of Q.
6 H is diagonally right and above X.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 R is diagonally left and above R.
3 R is above S with a small gap between them.
4 K is positioned above R and to the right.
5 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
6 O is to the left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally left and below O.
2 S is sitting at the lower right position to O.
3 J is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
4 D is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
5 B and S are next to each other with S at the bottom B on the top.
6 S and H are parallel, and H is below S.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned below and to the right of C.
2 R is sitting at the lower position to Y.
3 If C is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
4 Z is over there and M is directly above it.
5 H is over there with C below.
6 H and U are side by side with H to the right and U to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 R is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
3 M presents upper left to P.
4 K is below R and to the right of R.
5 E is directly south east of O.
6 Q is on the right side to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there and S is directly above it.
2 N is at P's 6 o'clock.
3 U is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 X is directly south west of U.
5 X is directly north east of S.
6 S and R are next to each other with R at the bottom S on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	above	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
2 G and L are parallel, and G is to the right of L.
3 V is over there with G above.
4 H is sitting at the upper right position to V.
5 N and Z are side by side with N on the top and Z at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the lower right position to X.
2 U is south east of P.
3 Z and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and Z on the left.
4 Y presents right to Q.
5 I is positioned right to P.
6 Y is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the lower right of O.
2 W is above U at 10 o'clock.
3 W is south west of G.
4 O is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
5 P is positioned left to F.
6 O is on the right side and below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	above	1
1 K and X are side by side with K to the left and X to the right.
2 G and T are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
3 Q is on the top side to P.
4 Q is to the bottom-right of K.
5 J is on the left and B is on the right.
6 P and T are both there with the object P is to the right of object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned above B and to the right.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
3 P is to the left of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 H is on the right and Z is on the left.
5 Z is positioned in the top left corner of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	right	1
1 W is at S's 6 o'clock.
2 E is on the left and N is on the right.
3 W and Y are parallel, and W is to the right of Y.
4 F is below S at 7 o'clock.
5 V is directly south west of X.
6 W is positioned down and to the left of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	right	1
1 B is directly south west of K.
2 Y is to the top right of Z.
3 C is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 L is directly north west of C.
5 C is positioned in the top left corner of S.
6 Z is lower left to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there and E is on the top of it.
2 J is below Y and to the right of Y.
3 W is south east of I.
4 J is lower left to V.
5 V is placed in the right direction of E.
6 Z is positioned right to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	right	1
1 S is placed at the lower left of E.
2 The object E is positioned directly above the object N.
3 R is sitting at the upper right position to N.
4 N is south east of Y.
5 H presents upper right to Q.
6 R is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned right to O.
2 J presents below M.
3 K is placed in the right direction of F.
4 P is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 The object P is positioned directly below the object V.
6 L is over there with M above.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
2 U is on the right side and top of W.
3 F is at G's 3 o'clock.
4 F is positioned above and to the left of J.
5 J is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned above R and to the left.
2 W is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 C is on the top and T is at the bottom.
4 V is below C at 7 o'clock.
5 T is over there and S is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the top right of Y.
2 W is at C's 6 o'clock.
3 H is above S with a small gap between them.
4 If F is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
5 U and Y are parallel, and U is to the right of Y.
6 U is below C at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 C and B are next to each other with C on the left and B on the right.
2 K is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
3 P is over V.
4 K is over there and C is directly below it.
5 Y is at the bottom of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	left	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to Z.
2 P is above and to the right of N.
3 If H is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
4 The objects Z and C are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
5 Z is above and to the right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the left of J.
2 A is positioned in the lower right corner of Q.
3 L is lower left to K.
4 The objects F and P are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
5 P is positioned above Q and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	below	1
1 L and I are side by side with I at the bottom and L on the top.
2 D is over there and Q is on the right.
3 Q is sitting at the upper left position to U.
4 B is positioned left to T.
5 T is north west of J.
6 J is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 O and W are horizontal and O is to the left of W.
2 S presents below Q.
3 T is on the left and M is on the right.
4 J and T are parallel, and J is under T.
5 Object Q is below object L and to the left of it, too.
6 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned above U and to the right.
2 C is over there and K is directly below it.
3 G is diagonally to the upper right of H.
4 F presents upper left to G.
5 If V is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
6 Y is below and to the left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper left of H.
2 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
3 If B is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
4 E is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
5 J presents left to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 G is above K.
2 J is diagonally right and above E.
3 S is above H and to the left of H.
4 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
5 G is to the left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	left	1
1 M and D are both there with the object D below the object M.
2 B is to the right of M horizontally.
3 Z and M are next to each other with Z on the left and M on the right.
4 Q is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object C is positioned directly above the object J.
2 W is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 If N is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
4 W is positioned in the top left corner of D.
5 F is above R.
6 The object N and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	left	1
1 T is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 The objects P and I are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 E is placed at the lower left of U.
4 P is on the left side of and below C.
5 Y is to the top-right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 G is placed at the upper right of X.
2 C is at the lower side of T.
3 Z is diagonally to the upper left of G.
4 A is south west of W.
5 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object X is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 E is diagonally right and above G.
3 V is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 E is on the right side to O.
5 Q presents lower right to E.
6 M is over there and E is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 W presents lower right to C.
2 I is south west of W.
3 H is directly above T.
4 F is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 W and T are parallel, and W is under T.
6 M is directly north west of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	above	1
1 W and C are side by side with W to the left and C to the right.
2 C is above T at 10 o'clock.
3 O is positioned right to Z.
4 U and W are parallel, and U is under W.
5 I is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned right to D.
2 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
3 I is below D at 7 o'clock.
4 S is upper right to B.
5 M and D are side by side with M to the left and D to the right.
6 Y and T are parallel, and Y on the left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 T is over F.
2 T is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 S is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
4 L is positioned right to X.
5 T is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	above	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
2 I is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
3 D is there and Z is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
4 W is on the lower left of C.
5 D is diagonally to the upper right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 R is at the bottom of O.
2 B is positioned above V and to the left.
3 W and P are parallel, and W is to the right of P.
4 O is above T with a small gap between them.
5 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Z and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
2 D is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 Z is to the bottom-right of E.
4 Y is sitting at the upper right position to O.
5 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
6 M is at L's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 O is over G.
2 B is placed in the right direction of D.
3 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
4 Z is to the bottom-right of P.
5 B is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there and U is on the right of it.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
3 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
4 I presents right to U.
5 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	left	1
1 Object Q is below object R and to the left of it, too.
2 J is placed in the right direction of N.
3 K is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 Object W is below object N and to the left of it, too.
5 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
6 A is over there and G is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	left	1
1 P is on the left and U is on the right.
2 F is below T and to the left of T.
3 L is on the top and P is at the bottom.
4 J is to the upper left of P.
5 X is to the top-right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned below A and to the left.
2 Y is lower left to O.
3 D and H are side by side with D to the right and H to the left.
4 A and I are parallel, and A is to the left of I.
5 Y is below W with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
2 H is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Z and N are parallel, and N is below Z.
4 L is above M and to the left of M.
5 J is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 D is over there and X is on the top of it.
2 T and Y are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
3 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
4 H is on the top side to T.
5 R is over there with Y above.
6 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	left	1
1 V and S are side by side with S at the bottom and V on the top.
2 P and V are side by side with V at the bottom and P on the top.
3 Q is positioned right to P.
4 V is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 L is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
6 F is to the top right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 P is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
3 A is over there and H is directly below it.
4 T is diagonally left and below H.
5 A is upper right to I.
6 R is to the top of H vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	left	1
1 D is over there and I is directly below it.
2 X is positioned right to J.
3 D is upper right to J.
4 M is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
5 The object I is positioned directly below the object G.
6 R is over there with P above.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	left	1
1 L and S are horizontal and L is to the left of S.
2 A is above E with a small gap between them.
3 E is on the right side and below S.
4 U is positioned below and to the right of E.
5 M is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 R and C are side by side with R to the right and C to the left.
3 R is at G's 12 o'clock.
4 S and K are parallel, and S is on top of K.
5 B is positioned below and to the right of H.
6 The object K and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 Q is positioned right to P.
3 Q and Y are parallel, and Q is to the left of Y.
4 C is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
5 H is over there and Y is on the left of it.
6 Q is on the right and G is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 H and U are parallel, and H is under U.
2 H is directly south east of L.
3 M is on the left side of and below O.
4 U is placed at the upper right of X.
5 L is over there and B is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	above	1
1 A and W are horizontal and A is to the left of W.
2 F is sitting in the left direction of H.
3 G is positioned up and to the right of E.
4 Y is above H and to the left of H.
5 E is directly north west of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 O is diagonally left and below I.
2 I and C are next to each other with I on the top and C at the bottom.
3 B presents over R.
4 P and S are in a vertical line with S below P.
5 M is positioned above O.
6 B is over there and M is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The objects V and D are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 T is above and to the right of U.
3 G and C are horizontal and G is to the left of C.
4 G is lower left to U.
5 P is sitting at the top position to C.
6 T is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	below	1
1 C and R are in a vertical line with R below C.
2 E is to the top right of U.
3 U is positioned below Q.
4 U is on the top and R is at the bottom.
5 The object S is positioned directly below the object F.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 I and C are next to each other with I on the top and C at the bottom.
3 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
4 H is placed at the lower left of Q.
5 Q is above W.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 U and R are both there with the object R below the object U.
2 R is above W with a small gap between them.
3 G is on the left side of and below W.
4 The objects Z and L are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
5 O is at U’s 9 o'clock.
6 W is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	above	1
1 Y is above B with a small gap between them.
2 Z is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
3 J is positioned right to K.
4 Z is directly south east of W.
5 B is at the lower side of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 S is to the top-left of I.
2 B is to the upper left of X.
3 Object S is below object R and to the right of it, too.
4 Object Q is above object E and to the left of it, too.
5 E and R are parallel, and E is under R.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 M is sitting at the lower position to G.
3 M and Y are vertical and M is below Y.
4 P is positioned above Y and to the left.
5 J is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned below F and to the left.
2 B is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
3 K is diagonally to the upper right of I.
4 G is over P.
5 V and P are parallel, and V is on top of P.
6 P and I are both there with the object P is to the left of object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	left	1
1 V and A are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
2 F is placed at the lower right of J.
3 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
4 B is positioned down and to the left of F.
5 F is on the left and G is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned right to D.
2 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 B is north east of S.
4 R is to the bottom-left of B.
5 T is at the lower side of S.
6 R and K are vertical and R is above K.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	right	1
1 J is positioned below Q.
2 A is diagonally left and below O.
3 J is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
4 P is sitting in the right direction of U.
5 R is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	above	1
1 I is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
2 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
3 P is to the top right of I.
4 F is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 Z is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	above	1
1 Q is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
2 T is below and to the left of P.
3 B and X are parallel, and B is under X.
4 T and D are side by side with T to the right and D to the left.
5 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
2 L is over there with H below.
3 X is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
4 T is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 L is sitting at the lower right position to V.
6 X is directly south west of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 D is directly south east of V.
2 E is positioned below N and to the left.
3 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
4 C and K are both there with the object C above the object K.
5 G presents upper right to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
2 G and C are parallel, and G on the left of C.
3 R presents upper left to S.
4 The object I is positioned directly below the object R.
5 C is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
6 P and R are parallel, and R is below P.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 B is sitting at the lower left position to O.
2 U is north east of M.
3 U is north east of W.
4 K is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 W is on the right side and below I.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
2 A is on the left side and above L.
3 G and B are parallel, and G is under B.
4 L is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
5 Object N is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 V is above A at 2 o'clock.
2 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
3 R is to the top of J vertically.
4 I is below N at 4 o'clock.
5 C is to the bottom-left of A.
6 C is positioned above and to the left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 G and L are vertical and G is above L.
2 T is placed at the upper left of S.
3 The object S is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
4 E is placed in the left direction of A.
5 T is above and to the left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 W presents lower right to J.
2 G is to the bottom-right of A.
3 T is on the top and X is at the bottom.
4 A is sitting at the lower left position to X.
5 N is placed at the lower left of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned above H and to the left.
2 V is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
4 Object M is below object O and to the right of it, too.
5 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
6 Y is lower right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 A and L are in a vertical line with L below A.
2 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
3 E is sitting in the right direction of U.
4 C is over there and A is on the left.
5 G presents left to J.
6 K and C are parallel, and K is to the right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	left	1
1 R is to the top of U vertically.
2 X and J are vertical and X is above J.
3 R is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 B is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 V is below and to the right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	right	1
1 L is placed in the right direction of G.
2 C is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
4 G and J are next to each other with J on the right and G on the left.
5 L and E are both there with the object E below the object L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there and K is on the right of it.
2 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
3 I is positioned right to M.
4 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
5 E is on the lower right of R.
6 M is at the lower side of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	below	1
1 C and L are in a vertical line with C on top.
2 Z is to the right of A horizontally.
3 D is sitting at the upper right position to L.
4 G is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 V is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
6 L is on the lower left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 X presents right to T.
2 W is above T and to the left of T.
3 A is to the left of X horizontally.
4 J is positioned below O and to the right.
5 Y is directly south east of X.
6 W is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the upper left of T.
2 Y is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
3 H is directly north east of F.
4 Y and B are parallel, and Y is to the right of B.
5 R and L are side by side with R to the left and L to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the right of L.
2 E is over F.
3 Y and N are parallel, and Y on the right of N.
4 Z is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 L is at F's 12 o'clock.
6 X and I are side by side with X to the right and I to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	below	1
1 I is on the top side to F.
2 L is below F and to the right of F.
3 The object L and A are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
4 If Q is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
5 Z is over L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	above	1
1 H is to the left of B horizontally.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
3 H and M are next to each other with H on the left and M on the right.
4 N is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
5 The objects E and M are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
6 Object B is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	below	1
1 Z and T are horizontal and Z is to the left of T.
2 T is positioned in the front right corner of F.
3 Z is on the top side to E.
4 U and N are vertical and U is above N.
5 E is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
6 Z and O are parallel, and Z on the left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 I and T are in a vertical line with I on top.
2 E is diagonally left and below T.
3 Y and B are parallel, and Y is under B.
4 I is to the top right of D.
5 E is positioned above U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	below	1
1 W is to the upper left of K.
2 P is on the top and T is at the bottom.
3 T is to the bottom-left of A.
4 L is to the top-left of H.
5 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 E and X are vertical and E is below X.
2 E is on the lower right of T.
3 E presents upper left to N.
4 X is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
5 G is below V and to the right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	right	1
1 C is to the right of N horizontally.
2 L and C are both there with the object L is to the left of object C.
3 Y is below W and to the left of W.
4 N presents right to T.
5 C is to the top-left of E.
6 H and T are side by side with H on the top and T at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom right of P.
2 X is at S’s 9 o'clock.
3 The objects S and B are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
4 S and W are side by side with S on the top and W at the bottom.
5 Q is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
6 O presents upper right to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	above	1
1 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
2 H presents lower left to K.
3 K and S are side by side with K to the right and S to the left.
4 E is on the lower right of B.
5 T and J are side by side with T to the left and J to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 T and V are next to each other with V at the bottom T on the top.
2 P is below I at 7 o'clock.
3 P is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
4 S is directly north east of K.
5 C is to the upper left of H.
6 H is positioned below V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	right	1
1 J is diagonally right and above I.
2 V is sitting in the right direction of O.
3 W and J are both there with the object W is to the right of object J.
4 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object R.
5 I is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
6 M is to the bottom-right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the right side to O.
2 S is to the upper left of F.
3 T is below and to the left of Z.
4 Z is sitting at the top position to M.
5 M presents upper left to F.
6 Q and S are parallel, and Q is to the right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 L is placed at the upper right of D.
2 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
4 R and Y are parallel, and R is to the right of Y.
5 O is placed in the right direction of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 Object P is below object U and to the left of it, too.
2 S is below X at 7 o'clock.
3 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
4 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object G.
5 W is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the right and M is on the left.
2 X and D are parallel, and X is to the right of D.
3 M is diagonally left and above M.
4 I is over there and J is directly above it.
5 K presents right to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	left	1
1 J and G are parallel, and J on the left of G.
2 Y and T are vertical and Y is below T.
3 A is to the left of H.
4 A is placed in the right direction of W.
5 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
2 B is above N at 10 o'clock.
3 The object Z and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
4 Y is to the right of G horizontally.
5 Z is at V’s 9 o'clock.
6 V is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 L is directly north east of M.
2 X is to the right of U.
3 E is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 U is on the right side and below C.
5 L is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 K is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	above	1
1 Object P is below object V and to the left of it, too.
2 L is placed on the top of V.
3 Object P is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
4 U and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
5 F is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 W is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally left and below G.
2 D is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
4 C is sitting at the lower left position to G.
5 U is placed on the top of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 F is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
3 G and B are parallel, and G on the left of B.
4 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
5 H is below X with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 J is over there and L is on the right.
2 Y is sitting at the lower left position to A.
3 N is to the bottom-right of Y.
4 M is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
5 Z is diagonally to the upper right of X.
6 Y and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and Y on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	above	1
1 U is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 U is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
3 W is positioned in the front right corner of L.
4 Y is over there and Z is on the left of it.
5 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
6 C presents below Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 The objects L and Q are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 T is upper right to P.
4 Q is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 J is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 Z is positioned below I.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the right side and top of U.
2 Y and U are in a vertical line with Y on top.
3 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
4 K is above Y at 2 o'clock.
5 H is diagonally right and below J.
6 G and Y are vertical and G is above Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	below	1
1 Z is placed at the lower right of U.
2 U and X are parallel, and U on the right of X.
3 G is south east of Z.
4 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
5 M and C are both there with the object M is to the right of object C.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	left	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of A.
2 L is at H’s 9 o'clock.
3 B is diagonally to the upper right of R.
4 J is below and to the right of R.
5 Object B is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	left	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
2 J and A are next to each other with A on the right and J on the left.
3 C is over there and U is on the right of it.
4 W presents left to U.
5 U is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 B and U are side by side with B on the top and U at the bottom.
2 H is on the left side to Y.
3 P presents lower right to O.
4 P is diagonally right and above U.
5 W is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	right	1
1 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
2 O is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
3 B is on the left side of and below G.
4 O is below C.
5 S is placed in the left direction of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	below	1
1 L is lower right of F.
2 V and M are parallel, and V on the left of M.
3 V is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
4 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
5 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	left	1
1 W is diagonally right and above N.
2 J is above P.
3 C is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
4 E presents right to C.
5 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
6 W is positioned below C.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 C is below J.
2 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
4 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
5 F is positioned down and to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	below	1
1 W is to the right of L.
2 D and L are parallel, and D is on top of L.
3 W is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
5 N presents upper right to E.
6 H is over there and L is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
2 E is at the bottom of Y.
3 T is to the bottom left of U.
4 E is sitting at the upper left position to V.
5 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
6 Y and U are parallel, and U is below Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	below	1
1 D is above and to the left of F.
2 Z is on the left side to V.
3 A is above and to the left of M.
4 U and P are both there with the object P below the object U.
5 M is sitting at the lower position to D.
6 A is directly south west of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	above	1
1 W is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 K is positioned right to V.
3 A is to the right of H.
4 A is upper right to Y.
5 V is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 U and I are next to each other with U on the left and I on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 A and V are both there with the object A is to the right of object V.
2 T is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
3 E is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
4 R is on the right side and below T.
5 The object A is positioned directly above the object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	below	1
1 H is on the left side of and below D.
2 Z is at T's 12 o'clock.
3 D is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 H is lower right of I.
5 W and R are parallel, and W on the left of R.
6 R is to the top right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed in the right direction of J.
2 X is at J’s 9 o'clock.
3 C is above and to the right of G.
4 X is north west of A.
5 P is at the lower side of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	above	1
1 S is above and to the right of W.
2 R is below and to the left of O.
3 Z is above O at 2 o'clock.
4 Q is directly above P.
5 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 H is above G.
2 F is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Object J is below object B and to the right of it, too.
4 G is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
5 The object F is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
6 R is placed at the bottom of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the right side and below H.
2 L is to the right of G.
3 G is placed at the upper left of W.
4 T is on the lower right of M.
5 L is below H at 4 o'clock.
6 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 The object C and F are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 O is over there and W is on the right.
3 M is over there and C is on the left.
4 I is directly below O.
5 O is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
6 J is sitting at the lower left position to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 H and N are parallel, and H on the left of N.
2 N is above C and to the left of C.
3 G and Q are in a vertical line with Q below G.
4 H is to the right of V horizontally.
5 N is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
2 O is positioned in the front right corner of G.
3 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
4 I is on the top and G is at the bottom.
5 A is positioned up and to the right of R.
6 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 H is to the right of E horizontally.
2 L and Y are both there with the object Y below the object L.
3 The objects O and Y are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
4 O is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 L and X are side by side with L to the left and X to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 B and U are horizontal and B is to the right of U.
2 B is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
3 If Q is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
4 E is on the top and S is at the bottom.
5 D and P are side by side with D to the left and P to the right.
6 Q and D are vertical and Q is above D.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to K.
2 K is directly below G.
3 I is positioned right to J.
4 V is at the bottom of U.
5 C is at K's 3 o'clock.
6 C is positioned above J and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 N is over there and A is on the left.
2 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
3 I and N are both there with the object N below the object I.
4 S is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 I is on the top side to R.
6 P is north west of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the right and F is on the left.
2 D and E are parallel, and D on the right of E.
3 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
4 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
5 F is placed at the lower left of W.
6 The object W and N are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	above	1
1 The objects D and H are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 R is placed at the upper left of H.
3 D is over there and K is on the top of it.
4 T is under J.
5 D is to the bottom-right of C.
6 K is at M’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	right	1
1 N presents over L.
2 G is diagonally to the upper left of X.
3 I is over Q.
4 P is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Q presents left to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Z is positioned in the front right corner of F.
2 L is to the bottom-right of W.
3 L is on the top side to J.
4 The objects L and G are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
5 C and G are vertical and C is above G.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 V is above U at 2 o'clock.
2 A is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Q is on the lower left of V.
4 V is positioned below P.
5 U is diagonally to the bottom left of G.
6 L and P are parallel, and L on the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	right	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 M is positioned below R and to the right.
3 M is north east of F.
4 P is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
5 R is below Q and to the left of Q.
6 H is directly north west of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 B is above and to the right of C.
2 The object I and Z are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object Z.
3 S is to the bottom-left of J.
4 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
5 Z presents lower right to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G is placed at the lower right of S.
2 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
3 G is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
4 V is sitting at the top position to R.
5 S is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
6 A is over there and L is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 P is placed in the left direction of K.
2 K is over there and T is directly above it.
3 The objects V and P are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
4 Y and L are parallel, and Y is under L.
5 R presents upper right to K.
6 U is at P's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting at the lower position to U.
2 U is to the top-left of T.
3 The object R is positioned directly below the object A.
4 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
5 H is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	left	1
1 L is placed at the upper left of D.
2 O is north east of W.
3 O and G are parallel, and O on the right of G.
4 O is below V at 4 o'clock.
5 Y is to the left of U.
6 V is on the same vertical plane directly above L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	left	1
1 F is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
2 The object P is positioned directly below the object Q.
3 Y is on the right side and below Q.
4 M is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	above	1
1 I and O are parallel, and I on the left of O.
2 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 If A is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
4 I is on top of U.
5 J is positioned up and to the right of I.
6 M and I are vertical and M is below I.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 O is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
3 U and N are side by side with U to the right and N to the left.
4 N is at F's 12 o'clock.
5 U is to the bottom-left of S.
6 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the top right of A.
2 J is placed at the upper left of Q.
3 F and D are both there with the object F above the object D.
4 F is to the right of Q.
5 R is to the right of Q.
6 Y and Q are next to each other with Y on the left and Q on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S and E are side by side with S to the right and E to the left.
2 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
3 W presents lower left to S.
4 U is over there and D is on the left of it.
5 V is at the bottom of D.
6 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	below	1
1 C is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 M and Y are horizontal and M is to the right of Y.
3 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object C.
4 R and F are both there with the object F below the object R.
5 X is directly below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	left	1
1 P is at the bottom of K.
2 W is sitting at the lower right position to O.
3 X and M are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
4 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
5 X and W are parallel, and X is to the right of W.
6 J is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned below J.
2 The objects Y and H are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 X presents lower left to J.
4 F is to the top-left of J.
5 I is on the lower right of X.
6 C is positioned in the top left corner of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 U is directly above Z.
2 R is below V at 7 o'clock.
3 The objects Z and X are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
4 Z is at the bottom of V.
5 Y is placed at the upper right of V.
6 C is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	right	1
1 X presents lower left to J.
2 I is over there with G below.
3 D is at M's 3 o'clock.
4 J is directly north west of I.
5 I is over there and B is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned up and to the right of I.
2 N is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 O is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 I is positioned below and to the right of N.
5 M presents upper left to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
2 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
3 O presents over D.
4 I is to the top of N vertically.
5 Z is directly south east of O.
6 Y is positioned above and to the left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 C and P are parallel, and C is over P.
2 Object U is above object P and to the left of it, too.
3 U is on the left side to E.
4 A is to the top-left of V.
5 E and G are both there with the object E is to the left of object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Y and M are both there with the object Y is to the left of object M.
2 The object B and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 P is placed in the right direction of R.
4 C is diagonally left and above C.
5 B is on the upper right of X.
6 C and P are parallel, and C is to the left of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	left	1
1 Z is below and to the left of M.
2 A is positioned down and to the left of S.
3 Object C is above object B and to the left of it, too.
4 S and M are next to each other with M at the bottom S on the top.
5 G is directly north east of M.
6 G is positioned down and to the left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
2 B is positioned in the lower right corner of A.
3 A and X are parallel, and X is below A.
4 J is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 J is above X at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	above	1
1 W is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
2 J is over there and S is on the right.
3 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
4 N is over there with L above.
5 Z is south east of S.
6 L is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the upper left of N.
2 K is to the top of M vertically.
3 X is to the left of Q horizontally.
4 U is positioned up and to the right of B.
5 N is below Z with a small gap between them.
6 K is to the top of N vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned up and to the right of U.
2 J and F are next to each other with F at the bottom J on the top.
3 U is at the bottom of K vertically.
4 S is upper right to L.
5 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
6 U is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
3 H is over there and X is directly below it.
4 P is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
5 X is directly above P.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 G is on the lower right of D.
2 G is above B and to the right of B.
3 V is over there with B below.
4 F is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
5 B is placed in the left direction of N.
6 G is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 P is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
2 The objects X and F are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 Q presents right to M.
4 W is diagonally right and below P.
5 P and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
6 The object P is positioned directly above the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	right	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 D is on the right side to M.
3 D is on the left side of and below G.
4 G is above C with a small gap between them.
5 R is lower left to P.
6 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 Z and H are next to each other with Z on the left and H on the right.
2 B is below O and to the left of O.
3 C is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 Object S is below object O and to the left of it, too.
5 R is over there and O is on the left.
6 O is positioned above and to the left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	below	1
1 B is at T's 6 o'clock.
2 F is north east of D.
3 F and N are both there with the object F is to the left of object N.
4 W and L are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
5 D is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	above	1
1 B and Y are parallel, and B is on top of Y.
2 V and S are parallel, and V is to the right of S.
3 G is to the bottom left of M.
4 B is south east of G.
5 G is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 E is to the right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 V and L are parallel, and V on the right of L.
2 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
4 L is over there and U is on the left of it.
5 U is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 X is sitting at the lower position to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
2 H is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
3 N is on the right side and top of E.
4 R is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
5 N is directly south west of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 X is upper left of F.
2 P is on the left side and above D.
3 Y presents lower left to F.
4 Object F is below object C and to the left of it, too.
5 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 I is directly south east of A.
2 T and Z are parallel, and T is over Z.
3 J is upper left of Z.
4 Z is at the bottom and A is on the top.
5 R is below W and to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	below	1
1 L is below Y and to the left of Y.
2 F is above and to the left of T.
3 T is at the lower side of U.
4 The object Y and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
5 The object S and R are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
6 M and U are parallel, and U is below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	above	1
1 R is above M and to the left of M.
2 E is positioned below V and to the right.
3 E and A are horizontal and E is to the right of A.
4 V is below M at 4 o'clock.
5 G is below and to the right of P.
6 Q is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V and K are parallel, and V is to the left of K.
2 S is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
3 O is placed in the right direction of Y.
4 D and O are side by side with D to the right and O to the left.
5 O is over there with Z above.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Q is upper right to K.
2 P is on the lower left of K.
3 O is over there and H is on the right.
4 H is over there and P is on the right.
5 T and B are side by side with B at the bottom and T on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 P is below M at 4 o'clock.
2 B and L are next to each other with L on the right and B on the left.
3 R is at P's 6 o'clock.
4 X is on the left side and above P.
5 I and R are horizontal and I is to the right of R.
6 Q is above R and to the right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	below	1
1 U is over there and B is on the left.
2 U is sitting at the upper right position to V.
3 B and G are parallel, and B is to the left of G.
4 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
5 P and M are next to each other with P on the top and M at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	below	1
1 B is placed in the left direction of P.
2 Y is on the right side to P.
3 The object D and K are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
4 B and C are both there with the object B is to the right of object C.
5 Q is above P and to the left of P.
6 S is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 J is to the top-left of C.
3 If P is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
4 P is directly below E.
5 Q is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
6 I and Q are both there with the object I is to the right of object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 G is on the lower left of T.
2 P and R are next to each other with R at the bottom P on the top.
3 N is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
4 K is to the top right of N.
5 N is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
6 P is below A and to the left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H and T are next to each other with H on the left and T on the right.
2 Y is over there with K below.
3 Q is south west of V.
4 V is to the left of Y.
5 V is on the left side of and below G.
6 N is sitting at the upper right position to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	right	1
1 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
2 I is to the top-left of R.
3 S is to the bottom-left of I.
4 If Z is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
5 R and P are parallel, and R on the right of P.
6 P is over there and K is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
3 R presents lower right to D.
4 N is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
5 B is to the top-left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Z is below G.
3 Object Q is above object W and to the left of it, too.
4 V is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 R is to the top right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and Q is on the left.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 R is over there and W is on the left of it.
4 W is on the left side to Z.
5 X is to the bottom-right of Q.
6 The object Y and J are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	right	1
1 M and N are horizontal and M is to the left of N.
2 K is to the top-right of V.
3 M is diagonally to the upper left of K.
4 M is positioned above B and to the right.
5 F is south east of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	right	1
1 T is diagonally right and above Z.
2 F is positioned below and to the right of R.
3 F is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
4 Z is at the bottom and R is on the top.
5 D is to the left of U.
6 X is above F at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	left	1
1 W is over there with V below.
2 E is on the top side to I.
3 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
4 V is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
5 Z is over there with H above.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 P is over there and Y is on the right of it.
2 G is below and to the right of L.
3 N is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
4 P is at F's 6 o'clock.
5 O is over there with P below.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 T is at K's 6 o'clock.
2 X is placed on the top of J.
3 K and J are vertical and K is above J.
4 I is upper left of T.
5 S is positioned in the front right corner of D.
6 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed at the upper right of O.
2 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
3 J is under R.
4 Y is to the right of D.
5 P is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
6 D is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 R presents left to U.
2 R is above M at 2 o'clock.
3 F is sitting at the lower left position to U.
4 U is below V and to the right of V.
5 L is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 K and F are in a vertical line with K on top.
2 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
3 A is south west of C.
4 F is sitting at the lower left position to A.
5 I is directly below X.
6 C and X are both there with the object C is to the left of object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 F and Y are horizontal and F is to the left of Y.
2 A is below and to the left of K.
3 A is positioned below O and to the left.
4 E is to the bottom-left of Q.
5 C is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
6 F is diagonally right and above A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
2 D is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
3 If C is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
4 Q is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned below T and to the right.
2 Object H is below object M and to the right of it, too.
3 I and N are next to each other with I on the top and N at the bottom.
4 O is to the right of M.
5 Z is to the bottom-right of M.
6 H and L are in a vertical line with H on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	right	1
1 B and L are parallel, and B is to the left of L.
2 J is north east of Q.
3 B is positioned above and to the left of O.
4 B is directly south east of W.
5 The objects X and L are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
6 M is sitting in the left direction of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 D and G are next to each other with G on the right and D on the left.
2 F is directly north east of J.
3 U is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
4 V is positioned below J.
5 B is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 U is below I at 7 o'clock.
2 I is diagonally right and above Q.
3 Q is south east of M.
4 K is positioned right to B.
5 R is above I.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 I is above Y and to the right of Y.
2 S is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
3 V is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
4 V is above C at 2 o'clock.
5 S is above and to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	right	1
1 C and R are next to each other with R on the right and C on the left.
2 S is on the right side to M.
3 L is below and to the right of D.
4 A is on the top side to D.
5 D is diagonally right and above M.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
2 W is sitting at the upper left position to F.
3 Q and W are both there with the object Q above the object W.
4 D is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
5 W is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 R and P are parallel, and R is over P.
2 N is over there and Y is on the right.
3 P is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
4 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
5 P is directly north east of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 G is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 W is above R at 10 o'clock.
3 L is placed at the lower left of G.
4 A is placed at the lower left of Y.
5 Y is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	above	1
1 P is to the bottom left of N.
2 E presents lower left to T.
3 O is placed at the lower right of P.
4 E is directly below P.
5 G is to the right of R horizontally.
6 O and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and O on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	above	1
1 G and N are in a vertical line with G on top.
2 G is placed at the upper left of K.
3 S is positioned above and to the left of X.
4 X and K are horizontal and X is to the right of K.
5 Object A is above object J and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 T is above Y with a small gap between them.
2 F is directly south east of G.
3 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
4 X and V are both there with the object X is to the right of object V.
5 If V is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Y is directly north east of G.
2 H is directly north east of D.
3 H is sitting in the right direction of G.
4 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
5 I is sitting at the upper left position to H.
6 P is to the bottom-right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	right	1
1 A presents lower left to O.
2 H is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
3 A is on the top side to R.
4 O is to the left of S.
5 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 K is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 P and X are side by side with X at the bottom and P on the top.
4 Z is on the lower right of X.
5 Z is positioned below T and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	above	1
1 Z is on the right side to J.
2 I is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
3 A is placed at the lower left of I.
4 A is at Q's 12 o'clock.
5 B is on the right and Q is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the right and P is on the left.
2 Q is sitting in the right direction of M.
3 Z is on the left side of and below W.
4 M is below Z and to the left of Z.
5 H is sitting at the top position to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 R is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 R is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 P is to the left of A horizontally.
5 R is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the right and M is on the left.
2 T is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
3 T and V are horizontal and T is to the right of V.
4 V is placed at the lower left of M.
5 J is sitting at the upper right position to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned above and to the left of O.
2 W is sitting at the upper right position to M.
3 Object A is above object D and to the left of it, too.
4 M is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
5 A is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned above H and to the left.
2 E presents below T.
3 X and F are parallel, and X on the right of F.
4 F is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
5 D is to the bottom left of X.
6 V is on the upper right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 Q is above and to the right of D.
2 Q is over there with U below.
3 V is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 C is upper left of U.
5 D is sitting at the lower right position to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 O is above K.
2 X is over there and P is directly below it.
3 K and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and K on the top.
4 K is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 O is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 B is placed at the lower right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 R is over there and K is directly below it.
2 G is over there and H is on the left of it.
3 U is on the left and T is on the right.
4 D and R are both there with the object D is to the left of object R.
5 K is placed in the right direction of T.
6 C is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 P and B are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 N is north west of E.
3 L is to the bottom-left of N.
4 B is positioned up and to the right of M.
5 D is diagonally to the upper right of O.
6 B is on the left side of and below N.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 A and Z are both there with the object A is to the left of object Z.
2 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
3 A and Y are side by side with A to the right and Y to the left.
4 F is to the left of Q.
5 The object I and Z are there. The object Z is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	left	1
1 E is placed at the lower left of H.
2 E is to the bottom right of P.
3 D is placed at the upper left of H.
4 I is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
5 I is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
6 Q is on the left side and above T.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K and W are both there with the object K is to the right of object W.
2 H is to the top of I vertically.
3 T and I are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
4 E is on the left side and above Q.
5 T is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 R and B are next to each other with R on the top and B at the bottom.
3 P is at L's 6 o'clock.
4 Z and P are parallel, and Z on the right of P.
5 G is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 Z is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	right	1
1 S is over there with T above.
2 T is on the same vertical plane directly above R.
3 R is to the top of P vertically.
4 V is to the left of I horizontally.
5 S and F are in a horizontal line with F on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of C.
2 P is over there and M is directly below it.
3 E is at the lower side of C.
4 W is diagonally left and above W.
5 X is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 E is below and to the right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	below	1
1 P is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
3 U presents left to D.
4 V presents upper left to U.
5 F is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Z is above R with a small gap between them.
2 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
3 I is positioned above C.
4 C presents below J.
5 Y is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	below	1
1 Y is positioned left to V.
2 C is over there and D is on the left.
3 D and Y are parallel, and D is to the left of Y.
4 W is below Y at 4 o'clock.
5 A is over there and E is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	left	1
1 N is on the right side and top of F.
2 U is above N at 2 o'clock.
3 U is directly below C.
4 Z is below G at 7 o'clock.
5 L is above C at 2 o'clock.
6 N is at S’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the upper right of D.
2 Z is at the bottom of W vertically.
3 H is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
4 N is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 N is at the bottom of B vertically.
6 H is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 O and S are parallel, and O on the left of S.
2 P and F are next to each other with F on the right and P on the left.
3 E is at O's 12 o'clock.
4 S is above M with a small gap between them.
5 H is upper right to S.
6 M is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object T and F are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 T is placed at the lower left of G.
3 G is to the right of N horizontally.
4 Q presents left to N.
5 L is on the left side and above C.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 A is directly below M.
2 The object O and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
3 V and M are parallel, and V is on top of M.
4 A is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 P is positioned right to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 N and D are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
2 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
3 C is on the right side and below V.
4 J is to the right of U horizontally.
5 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
6 N is sitting in the left direction of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	right	1
1 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
3 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
4 A is above D with a small gap between them.
5 U is positioned right to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object D is positioned directly below the object S.
2 L is sitting at the lower left position to A.
3 R presents over S.
4 R is on top of Q.
5 S is on the top side to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the lower left position to F.
2 G is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 J is to the bottom-right of X.
4 X is to the bottom-left of C.
5 D and T are parallel, and D is under T.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 P and T are both there with the object P is to the right of object T.
2 U is placed at the upper right of A.
3 S is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
4 J is over there with T below.
5 Y is to the top-left of T.
6 N is above and to the left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	below	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
2 S and V are horizontal and S is to the left of V.
3 X is to the top-right of V.
4 I is below N at 4 o'clock.
5 Z is placed in the left direction of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	right	1
1 P is positioned left to T.
2 G is on the right side to U.
3 P and L are side by side with L at the bottom and P on the top.
4 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
5 T is there and C is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	above	1
1 E is positioned below H.
2 A and E are vertical and A is above E.
3 If U is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
4 S is to the bottom left of A.
5 A is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 A is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the left side to V.
2 Z is on the right side and top of D.
3 V is to the bottom right of Z.
4 Y is on the right side and below E.
5 I is below and to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	right	1
1 E is at the lower side of Y.
2 D is sitting in the right direction of Z.
3 N is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
4 Z is above and to the right of O.
5 O is sitting at the lower position to Q.
6 Z is diagonally left and below C.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the top-right of X.
2 R and N are parallel, and R on the left of N.
3 C is above and to the left of G.
4 N is to the top-left of C.
5 W is to the right of G horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 R is over H.
2 M is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 M is on the left side of and below U.
4 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
5 F is over there with V below.
6 O is over there and F is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper left of A.
2 L is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
3 Q is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 K is lower right of R.
5 W is above R.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	above	1
1 F presents lower left to Z.
2 K is at Z's 3 o'clock.
3 C is to the left of X.
4 F is below and to the left of L.
5 C is to the left of Z horizontally.
6 W is to the bottom-right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 L and F are side by side with F at the bottom and L on the top.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
4 X is south west of H.
5 U and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and U on the left.
6 C is diagonally to the upper left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 T and Z are next to each other with T on the left and Z on the right.
2 F is diagonally left and above F.
3 P is to the top right of S.
4 Y presents right to R.
5 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
6 Z is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	below	1
1 F is to the top-left of H.
2 G is placed on the top of I.
3 B is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 I is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
5 V is to the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 L is above C at 2 o'clock.
2 C is over there and K is on the left of it.
3 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object K.
4 J is placed at the upper right of H.
5 N is positioned up and to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 F and N are parallel, and F is to the left of N.
3 D presents lower left to G.
4 A is above and to the left of E.
5 R is directly north west of N.
6 S is placed at the upper left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	right	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
2 E is to the top-right of K.
3 G presents below W.
4 I is positioned up and to the right of L.
5 K is below Z at 7 o'clock.
6 Z and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 Object S is above object O and to the left of it, too.
2 Y is over there with O below.
3 F is above S and to the right of S.
4 G is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 N is positioned right to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 H is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 W is positioned left to G.
3 O is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
4 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
5 X presents over O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	below	1
1 M is positioned in the front right corner of A.
2 A is placed at the upper left of G.
3 D is to the right of G.
4 The objects D and U are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
5 Y is at the lower side of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 B and O are both there with the object B is to the right of object O.
2 Z is below O and to the left of O.
3 D is to the bottom left of O.
4 Z is to the bottom left of M.
5 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object C.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	below	1
1 T is sitting at the upper right position to G.
2 K is north east of R.
3 If J is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
4 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to F.
5 The objects K and G are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
6 K is diagonally right and below J.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	below	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 If M is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
3 Z is placed on the top of U.
4 If V is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
5 A is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 B and Z are vertical and B is below Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned left to N.
2 H is to the left of W horizontally.
3 The object T is positioned directly below the object Q.
4 E is placed at the upper left of N.
5 N is above W at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 A is to the right of D horizontally.
2 F is positioned above A and to the left.
3 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
4 G is placed in the right direction of V.
5 U is sitting at the upper right position to A.
6 F is positioned above W.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
2 K is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
3 Object K is above object P and to the left of it, too.
4 Object J is above object P and to the left of it, too.
5 U is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 Z is sitting in the right direction of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 W is at C's 12 o'clock.
2 W is on the lower right of P.
3 The object W and Y are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
4 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
5 P is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The objects N and G are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 L and Y are parallel, and L is over Y.
3 P is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 G is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
5 X is on the right and Y is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 N is positioned below B and to the left.
3 R is over there and S is on the right.
4 L is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face L.
5 B is above S at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	right	1
1 D is north east of S.
2 P is on the left side and above X.
3 P and S are next to each other with P on the top and S at the bottom.
4 The object S and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
5 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
6 A is at the bottom and S is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 C is north east of K.
2 Z is to the upper left of V.
3 G is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 C is positioned right to W.
5 F is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	below	1
1 I presents right to U.
2 X is over there with M above.
3 C is on the top and M is at the bottom.
4 R and M are parallel, and R is over M.
5 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
6 M and U are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 E is over there and G is on the left.
2 C is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face C.
3 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
4 Object P is above object B and to the left of it, too.
5 B is north east of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	left	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 I is to the bottom-left of L.
3 D is at the bottom of I vertically.
4 F is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
5 L is to the bottom-right of B.
6 N is positioned below and to the right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 M and U are side by side with U at the bottom and M on the top.
2 E is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
3 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
4 E is lower left to R.
5 D is below X.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper left of L.
2 W and E are side by side with W on the top and E at the bottom.
3 Q presents below R.
4 L is positioned in the front right corner of W.
5 B and F are horizontal and B is to the right of F.
6 N and L are side by side with N to the right and L to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 Object R is below object D and to the left of it, too.
2 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 X is at the bottom of D vertically.
4 H is sitting in the right direction of I.
5 R is at the bottom of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	above	1
1 C is upper left of U.
2 If M is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
3 E is placed at the upper left of O.
4 O and U are parallel, and O on the right of U.
5 A is over M.
6 If P is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 K is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
2 G and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom G on the top.
3 L is positioned down and to the left of Q.
4 Q is above F with a small gap between them.
5 F is under I.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 X is on the top side to B.
3 If A is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
4 B is sitting at the upper left position to A.
5 Object N is above object H and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
2 Y and G are next to each other with Y on the top and G at the bottom.
3 I is over there and D is directly above it.
4 U is positioned above and to the left of M.
5 X is on the right side to G.
6 Y is on the lower left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 T is above X with a small gap between them.
2 I is positioned above S.
3 B is positioned up and to the right of U.
4 J is diagonally left and above J.
5 S is below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	above	1
1 J is at the lower side of M.
2 Q presents upper right to Y.
3 Y is at the bottom and R is on the top.
4 P is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
5 P is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Q is under B.
2 If V is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
3 Z is to the top of J vertically.
4 V is to the upper left of X.
5 If L is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	left	1
1 G is positioned up and to the right of I.
2 O is north west of R.
3 U is to the top-left of K.
4 M is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
5 I is sitting in the right direction of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
2 S is on the right side and below G.
3 D is on the right side and top of N.
4 Object G is below object X and to the left of it, too.
5 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 M is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
3 U is below M and to the right of M.
4 Object M is below object O and to the left of it, too.
5 J is positioned above Z and to the left.
6 T is on top of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 C and J are both there with the object C is to the left of object J.
2 T is to the left of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 M is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 L is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
5 A is to the right of H horizontally.
6 Object L is below object A and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	left	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
2 L is on the right and F is on the left.
3 Y and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
4 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
5 If M is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
6 The object F is positioned directly above the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the upper left of P.
2 G is on the right side and below H.
3 G and Y are parallel, and G on the left of Y.
4 If G is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
5 N is south east of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the left side to D.
2 W is placed at the lower right of Z.
3 P is south east of Z.
4 Z is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
5 R presents lower right to Y.
6 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there with A below.
2 Z is directly above V.
3 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
4 L is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
5 T is over there and V is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 C and S are parallel, and C is to the right of S.
3 Y is to the upper left of Z.
4 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
5 W is positioned left to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 C and Y are in a vertical line with Y below C.
2 P is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 If D is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
4 D is lower right of I.
5 I and C are in a vertical line with I on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	left	1
1 J is north east of G.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
3 H is below and to the left of Y.
4 J is diagonally right and below H.
5 G presents upper left to P.
6 J presents below N.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	below	1
1 H is sitting at the lower position to B.
2 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
3 H and W are both there with the object H is to the right of object W.
4 M and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and M on the left.
5 B is diagonally to the upper right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Z is above C at 10 o'clock.
2 Q is sitting at the upper left position to U.
3 U is over there and A is on the top of it.
4 A and R are side by side with R at the bottom and A on the top.
5 The objects H and U are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	above	1
1 S and C are both there with the object S above the object C.
2 A is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
3 Y is on the left side of and below G.
4 C is on top of P.
5 I is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face I.
6 Y is upper left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 N is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
3 N is directly south west of X.
4 G is above Y.
5 W is diagonally right and below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
2 D is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 D is positioned above O.
4 A is diagonally left and above A.
5 X and C are parallel, and X on the right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there and A is on the right.
2 C is on the right side and below B.
3 Z is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 I is under M.
5 S is below B and to the left of B.
6 B is positioned right to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	right	1
1 N is diagonally left and below F.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
3 G is above Z and to the left of Z.
4 G is on top of B.
5 L is above J at 2 o'clock.
6 J and B are in a vertical line with J on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
2 Q is below O and to the right of O.
3 U presents upper left to L.
4 S is sitting at the top position to U.
5 X is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 P is to the top-left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the left side of and below Q.
2 H is directly north east of P.
3 T is placed in the left direction of P.
4 S is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 K is diagonally to the upper right of J.
6 H presents lower right to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 A presents lower left to N.
2 F is over there and G is on the right of it.
3 P and U are horizontal and P is to the right of U.
4 D is on the lower right of C.
5 C is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 U presents over N.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	above	1
1 U is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Y is placed at the upper left of H.
3 B is positioned below Y and to the right.
4 K is over there and V is directly below it.
5 V is over there with Y above.
6 V is directly above P.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
2 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
3 N is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face N.
4 Q is sitting at the upper left position to T.
5 K is under G.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 W presents lower left to D.
2 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 If Q is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
4 B is to the left of E horizontally.
5 W is placed in the left direction of T.
6 H is directly below D.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	left	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 Z is under M.
4 M is directly above V.
5 S is above Y and to the right of Y.
6 F is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	below	1
1 J and Y are side by side with J to the left and Y to the right.
2 K is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
3 L is below F.
4 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
5 Y is sitting in the right direction of R.
6 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	right	1
1 Z presents over A.
2 T and A are next to each other with A on the right and T on the left.
3 N is positioned below and to the right of V.
4 If R is the center of a clock face, A is located between 10 and 11.
5 Y is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 Y is on the lower left of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the top of K vertically.
2 Object B is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
3 S is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 Y is sitting at the lower left position to E.
5 U is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
6 O is on the left side and above X.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 T and C are next to each other with T on the top and C at the bottom.
2 The object B is positioned directly above the object O.
3 X is above P with a small gap between them.
4 F is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
5 X and B are parallel, and X is over B.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 W is diagonally right and above Q.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
3 Q and T are next to each other with T on the right and Q on the left.
4 If A is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
5 T is north east of K.
6 R is placed at the upper right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 O is north east of H.
2 Q and P are next to each other with P on the right and Q on the left.
3 U presents over L.
4 T is to the top-right of L.
5 L is to the right of H horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	above	1
1 N and B are both there with the object B below the object N.
2 G and L are parallel, and G on the right of L.
3 L is on the left side and above M.
4 L is on the left and H is on the right.
5 The object S is positioned above and to the left of object H.
6 M and Z are in a vertical line with M on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	above	1
1 G is to the top of R vertically.
2 T is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 K is to the bottom-left of G.
4 N is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
5 V is on the right side to B.
6 K is over there and T is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	left	1
1 P presents lower left to U.
2 P and K are both there with the object P is to the left of object K.
3 N is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 Z is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 W presents lower right to P.
6 The object J is positioned above and to the left of object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Y and B are side by side with Y to the right and B to the left.
2 Q and D are parallel, and Q on the left of D.
3 O is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
4 A is above Q at 2 o'clock.
5 L is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
6 Z presents right to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	right	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 X is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
3 O is placed in the right direction of A.
4 O is above Y and to the right of Y.
5 O is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 A is below U at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 P is positioned below R and to the right.
2 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
3 H is positioned below V.
4 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
5 F is on the right side and below M.
6 H is positioned below R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	above	1
1 X is above H.
2 E and Q are parallel, and E is to the left of Q.
3 T is directly above E.
4 M is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
5 The object E is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
6 Q is above and to the right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 T is south west of C.
2 N is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 B is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
4 S is to the left of E with a small gap between them.
5 L and N are side by side with L to the left and N to the right.
6 C is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents left to O.
2 D and Y are horizontal and D is to the right of Y.
3 B is at the bottom of X.
4 D is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
5 S is placed at the bottom of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	above	1
1 H is to the top-left of O.
2 H is sitting at the lower right position to R.
3 P is to the bottom left of Y.
4 M is sitting at the upper right position to O.
5 H is to the bottom right of J.
6 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 K is lower right of J.
2 Y is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
3 U is placed at the upper right of F.
4 U is at B's 3 o'clock.
5 H is directly north west of U.
6 D is placed at the lower right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	right	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
2 The objects H and V are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 If Y is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
4 Z is at H's 3 o'clock.
5 A is above O and to the right of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	left	1
1 K is below and to the right of A.
2 The object V is positioned directly below the object J.
3 U is over there and B is directly above it.
4 V is diagonally right and above U.
5 C is positioned in the lower left corner of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 K and M are next to each other with K on the left and M on the right.
2 Object K is below object J and to the right of it, too.
3 R is positioned below J and to the right.
4 W and N are next to each other with W on the left and N on the right.
5 X presents left to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The objects D and E are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 N is to the top-right of U.
3 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
4 N is positioned down and to the left of T.
5 T and R are parallel, and T is to the left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 M is to the top-right of A.
2 Y is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 S is on the top side to M.
4 M is to the right of C.
5 J is at E's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 O is placed at the upper right of M.
2 K is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 U and S are parallel, and U is over S.
4 Y is over there and O is on the top of it.
5 M is under S.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 H is to the upper left of E.
2 Object M is above object L and to the left of it, too.
3 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
4 K is positioned below H and to the left.
5 E is below L at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	above	1
1 F is placed in the right direction of S.
2 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
3 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
4 U is at the bottom of V.
5 U is on the top side to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned in the front right corner of N.
2 N is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
3 X is positioned below S.
4 T is to the bottom-left of V.
5 R is to the top of X vertically.
6 P is directly below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	above	1
1 I is to the left of A horizontally.
2 G is directly north west of B.
3 H is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
4 H is on the left and I is on the right.
5 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	left	1
1 I is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 N and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
3 X is below B at 4 o'clock.
4 X is over there and E is on the left of it.
5 N is north east of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 J is directly north west of O.
2 V is directly north east of I.
3 V is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
4 P and E are side by side with E at the bottom and P on the top.
5 B is to the upper left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 M is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 V is on the left side and above U.
3 Q is on top of D.
4 D is placed at the lower right of I.
5 I is below V and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	below	1
1 I is on the left side to V.
2 I is diagonally right and above G.
3 W is on the left side to Y.
4 T is south west of Q.
5 Object W is above object V and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 J is on top of V.
2 G is directly north east of W.
3 J is on the top and G is at the bottom.
4 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
5 T is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 X is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
2 N and A are horizontal and N is to the left of A.
3 M is diagonally right and below A.
4 M presents left to Q.
5 P is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 O and P are in a vertical line with O on top.
2 U is below and to the right of P.
3 R is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
4 H is placed in the left direction of Y.
5 Object I is below object U and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 S and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
2 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 Q is positioned above P.
4 H is placed in the left direction of Y.
5 Q is north west of O.
6 D is on the lower left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 J is over there and X is on the left.
2 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
3 Z is placed in the right direction of B.
4 B and J are side by side with B to the left and J to the right.
5 Z is above and to the left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 M is to the bottom right of E.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
3 If M is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
4 N and R are side by side with R at the bottom and N on the top.
5 S is to the left of O horizontally.
6 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
2 O is positioned left to S.
3 T is on the left and J is on the right.
4 X is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 The object V and Q are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
6 N is on top of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
2 The object L is positioned directly below the object H.
3 X and R are horizontal and X is to the right of R.
4 Y is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 T is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 D is below P at 7 o'clock.
2 K is at the bottom of R.
3 P presents upper right to L.
4 R and P are in a vertical line with P below R.
5 C and H are vertical and C is below H.
6 W presents below R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	below	1
1 G is to the left of Y horizontally.
2 G is over there and C is on the top of it.
3 R is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 A is to the top right of E.
5 F is placed at the upper right of G.
6 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 O and G are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
2 Q is positioned in the top left corner of G.
3 T and M are both there with the object T is to the left of object M.
4 N is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
5 F is below Q and to the right of Q.
6 X is on the left side to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 G and O are next to each other with G on the left and O on the right.
2 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
3 J is north east of G.
4 J is at the bottom of C.
5 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 D is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
3 D is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
4 X is to the right of L horizontally.
5 V is above and to the left of C.
6 X is over there and U is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
3 I is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
4 W is below N and to the left of N.
5 F is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	above	1
1 I and N are parallel, and I is under N.
2 K is placed at the lower right of L.
3 S and L are vertical and S is above L.
4 L is to the left of I horizontally.
5 G is upper right to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	above	1
1 Z and C are in a vertical line with Z on top.
2 B is north west of D.
3 R is on the left and H is on the right.
4 V and T are parallel, and V is over T.
5 R and C are both there with the object R is to the right of object C.
6 C is below T at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	left	1
1 M is to the bottom right of X.
2 Object A is below object J and to the left of it, too.
3 R is under X.
4 E is on top of Y.
5 M is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	right	1
1 P is below D at 7 o'clock.
2 G is placed in the right direction of P.
3 D presents lower right to A.
4 U and D are vertical and U is below D.
5 M is placed in the right direction of Q.
6 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 E is to the upper left of G.
2 B presents right to G.
3 G is sitting at the lower position to O.
4 The object N is positioned directly below the object E.
5 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	left	1
1 T and C are next to each other with T on the top and C at the bottom.
2 F and G are parallel, and F is to the left of G.
3 F is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 P is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 P is on the lower right of Z.
6 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
2 T is over there and Z is on the left.
3 T is over there and U is on the left of it.
4 M presents lower left to B.
5 U is south west of G.
6 T and Y are side by side with T on the top and Y at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	right	1
1 R is above and to the right of S.
2 R is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 R is directly above T.
4 O is positioned above U and to the right.
5 Q is north east of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
2 Object V is below object M and to the right of it, too.
3 G is lower right of M.
4 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
5 H is sitting at the upper left position to J.
6 E is positioned above G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 H is at T's 6 o'clock.
2 H is over there and W is on the left.
3 W is over G.
4 Z and W are next to each other with W at the bottom Z on the top.
5 V is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
6 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	above	1
1 G is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 Y is positioned above R and to the left.
3 The object W is positioned directly below the object T.
4 U is sitting at the lower right position to G.
5 G is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 R is placed in the left direction of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the right side to P.
2 D is above and to the right of J.
3 Z is placed at the upper right of J.
4 X is on the lower right of A.
5 X is above O with a small gap between them.
6 O is on top of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	right	1
1 H is over there and W is on the left.
2 V is below B at 7 o'clock.
3 Z and N are side by side with Z to the right and N to the left.
4 R is positioned right to N.
5 If B is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 P is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
3 F and E are both there with the object F above the object E.
4 Object D is below object P and to the left of it, too.
5 D is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 V is placed at the lower left of U.
2 J presents left to E.
3 W is at the bottom and E is on the top.
4 E is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 I is sitting at the upper right position to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
2 L presents left to Y.
3 E is at H's 3 o'clock.
4 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
5 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
6 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 H is on the top and F is at the bottom.
3 Q is on the right side to Z.
4 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
5 U is positioned above F and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 L is over there and E is directly below it.
2 W is lower left to L.
3 N is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 L and B are both there with the object L is to the left of object B.
5 S is below E and to the left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the left side and above C.
2 Q is over there and B is on the left of it.
3 E and C are next to each other with C at the bottom E on the top.
4 T is to the right of O horizontally.
5 I and E are both there with the object I is to the left of object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	above	1
1 H is placed at the upper right of A.
2 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
3 F is at C's 6 o'clock.
4 F is positioned in the top left corner of H.
5 C is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above L.
2 I is north east of D.
3 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
4 N is positioned below and to the right of U.
5 J is directly above M.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
2 X presents lower right to B.
3 Y is at the bottom of B vertically.
4 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
5 Y is positioned above S and to the right.
6 N is to the left of J horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	left	1
1 P is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Object P is below object H and to the left of it, too.
3 H is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
4 H is over there and X is directly above it.
5 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object V.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object A.
2 D and Z are both there with the object D is to the left of object Z.
3 G is on the upper right of T.
4 D is diagonally right and below J.
5 J and N are next to each other with J on the top and N at the bottom.
6 K is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	right	1
1 L is placed at the upper left of H.
2 Z is lower right of L.
3 M is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
4 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
5 If P is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
6 L is at I's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 The object A is positioned directly above the object C.
3 E is above O at 2 o'clock.
4 O is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
5 K and W are parallel, and K on the left of W.
6 W is directly south east of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 P and S are parallel, and P on the right of S.
2 S and Z are horizontal and S is to the right of Z.
3 P and D are side by side with D at the bottom and P on the top.
4 H is to the bottom-left of N.
5 I is to the top-right of P.
6 V is directly north east of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
2 K is at the bottom and H is on the top.
3 R and V are parallel, and R is over V.
4 P is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 J and P are next to each other with P on the right and J on the left.
6 V is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 E is sitting at the lower position to R.
2 Z is diagonally right and above U.
3 H is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
4 H and S are side by side with S at the bottom and H on the top.
5 N presents upper left to W.
6 W is on top of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 Q is over there with Y above.
2 Y is diagonally left and below O.
3 G is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
4 N is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
5 B is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 G is over there with Q above.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	below	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of F.
2 X is to the top-right of L.
3 Object O is below object S and to the left of it, too.
4 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
5 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 Y is over there and C is directly below it.
2 K is over there and S is on the left of it.
3 S is directly south west of N.
4 S is placed on the top of A.
5 X is directly north west of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	above	1
1 D and I are both there with the object D above the object I.
2 R is below D.
3 I and F are vertical and I is below F.
4 O is over there and F is on the right of it.
5 S and K are parallel, and S on the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	left	1
1 X is above and to the left of K.
2 H is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
3 K is placed at the upper right of C.
4 F is at W's 12 o'clock.
5 V is placed at the upper left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 L presents upper right to V.
3 E is diagonally left and below M.
4 V and E are next to each other with E on the right and V on the left.
5 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 D is directly north west of P.
3 The objects F and O are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
4 If B is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
5 Y is to the right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 O is placed at the lower right of D.
2 K is to the bottom-right of D.
3 Y is below Z with a small gap between them.
4 L and C are side by side with C at the bottom and L on the top.
5 O is sitting at the upper right position to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 X and K are next to each other with K at the bottom X on the top.
2 K is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
3 H is over Z.
4 J and L are side by side with L at the bottom and J on the top.
5 V and P are both there with the object V is to the left of object P.
6 Z is on the left side to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	left	1
1 U is to the left of D horizontally.
2 Y is above G and to the right of G.
3 U is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
4 O is sitting in the right direction of I.
5 E is to the bottom right of U.
6 E and K are both there with the object E above the object K.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	right	1
1 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 L presents below N.
3 T and K are in a vertical line with K below T.
4 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
5 The objects T and L are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
6 Q is below M and to the right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	above	1
1 W is to the bottom right of B.
2 B is below and to the right of Z.
3 Y is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 The objects M and N are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
5 Z is directly above A.
6 The objects R and Y are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object J and M are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 P is on the right and V is on the left.
3 J and U are parallel, and J is over U.
4 B is on the left side to M.
5 S is south west of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 O and Z are horizontal and O is to the right of Z.
2 T is south west of O.
3 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
4 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
5 O is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 U and W are vertical and U is above W.
2 R is at the bottom of W vertically.
3 Y is sitting at the lower right position to L.
4 O is directly north west of W.
5 If L is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
6 K is placed on the top of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 B is placed in the left direction of G.
2 L is on the upper right of U.
3 Z is positioned below X.
4 K is positioned below X and to the right.
5 L is placed at the lower left of X.
6 K and E are parallel, and K is to the left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	below	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 V is sitting at the lower position to T.
3 Q and Y are side by side with Q to the left and Y to the right.
4 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
5 Q is to the left of N horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	right	1
1 X is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 M is placed at the upper right of V.
3 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
4 O is to the left of Q horizontally.
5 Q is on the lower right of V.
6 K is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	above	1
1 O is over there and E is directly below it.
2 L is to the bottom right of U.
3 T is placed at the upper left of L.
4 U presents right to E.
5 V is upper left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 The object P is positioned directly above the object W.
3 K is placed in the right direction of M.
4 D and E are in a vertical line with D on top.
5 R is sitting in the left direction of K.
6 A and W are parallel, and A on the left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	left	1
1 T is to the left of P horizontally.
2 H and V are both there with the object H above the object V.
3 R is on the left side to P.
4 O is sitting at the lower left position to R.
5 R is on the right and F is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	left	1
1 Q and L are parallel, and Q is to the right of L.
2 L is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
3 I and K are parallel, and I is on top of K.
4 Z is south west of Q.
5 L and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 L is sitting in the right direction of A.
3 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
4 C is over there and D is directly below it.
5 F presents over J.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Q presents upper right to A.
3 H and S are horizontal and H is to the left of S.
4 U is north west of X.
5 O is at H's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally right and below L.
2 L and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
3 Z and P are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
4 The objects I and E are over there. The object I is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
5 J is sitting at the lower left position to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	left	1
1 D is above and to the right of Y.
2 U is above Q with a small gap between them.
3 Y is over there and U is on the left.
4 D is over there and M is directly below it.
5 E is over there and Z is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 F and A are next to each other with A at the bottom F on the top.
2 F and J are horizontal and F is to the right of J.
3 F is over there and H is on the right.
4 J is under V.
5 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
2 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 P is positioned in the front right corner of L.
4 A is placed on the top of Z.
5 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
6 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	above	1
1 Y is on the lower right of Q.
2 N is on the lower right of V.
3 The object P is positioned above and to the left of object I.
4 P is directly above K.
5 Y is at the bottom of I.
6 Y and D are horizontal and Y is to the left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
2 V is at F’s 9 o'clock.
3 J is placed at the upper left of B.
4 L is positioned above and to the left of W.
5 The object J is positioned directly below the object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 U presents lower right to F.
3 C presents left to Z.
4 M is below and to the right of V.
5 H presents over Z.
6 M presents left to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E is at the bottom of O vertically.
2 O presents over L.
3 N is above and to the left of E.
4 D is at the bottom of N.
5 U presents lower right to O.
6 Q and H are in a vertical line with H below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 J is upper left of I.
3 N is at the lower side of B.
4 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to E.
5 Object N is below object J and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
2 V is over there and Y is on the top of it.
3 P is placed at the lower left of U.
4 O is to the top-right of U.
5 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
6 V is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	below	1
1 S is placed at the upper right of K.
2 I and Z are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
3 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
4 O is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
5 H is placed at the upper right of A.
6 If W is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 P is above and to the right of V.
2 T is positioned below and to the right of V.
3 V and C are next to each other with V on the left and C on the right.
4 T is on the right side and top of O.
5 H and M are side by side with H on the top and M at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	below	1
1 Y and Z are both there with the object Y is to the right of object Z.
2 A is directly north west of F.
3 I is to the left of A.
4 F presents lower right to J.
5 A is on the lower right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 W and Q are both there with the object W is to the left of object Q.
2 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
3 X is on the left side and above H.
4 O and B are parallel, and O is to the right of B.
5 B presents over X.
6 E is above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 B is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Q is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
3 Y and W are horizontal and Y is to the left of W.
4 W and T are side by side with W to the right and T to the left.
5 T is sitting at the lower position to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	above	1
1 The object J and I are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 X is on the left side and above I.
3 S is below A.
4 I is at F's 12 o'clock.
5 If G is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
6 F is positioned below E and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The objects D and X are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 D is on the left and F is on the right.
3 A is to the right of N horizontally.
4 I is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
5 Z is placed in the right direction of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 I is lower right of B.
3 R and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
4 O is placed on the top of A.
5 I and W are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 R is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Q is north west of I.
3 W is directly south east of A.
4 Q and Z are parallel, and Q is on top of Z.
5 R is directly south east of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	right	1
1 K is to the left of A.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
3 L is placed at the lower right of N.
4 I is directly south east of T.
5 K is to the top-right of L.
6 A is above I and to the right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	right	1
1 P is above and to the left of O.
2 The object A is positioned directly below the object X.
3 The objects Z and X are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
4 If A is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
5 G and W are both there with the object G is to the right of object W.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 M is below and to the right of S.
2 P presents lower right to H.
3 Q and D are in a vertical line with D below Q.
4 B is sitting at the upper left position to R.
5 Q and P are parallel, and Q is to the right of P.
6 P is placed at the lower right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object B and F are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
3 I is positioned in the front right corner of B.
4 F is above Y and to the left of Y.
5 A is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
6 U is to the left of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
2 M is at H's 3 o'clock.
3 N is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
4 K is to the top-left of D.
5 I and Q are both there with the object I is to the left of object Q.
6 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 H is at the lower side of D.
2 X is to the bottom right of U.
3 T is sitting at the lower left position to A.
4 G is above T with a small gap between them.
5 X is over there and A is on the right of it.
6 X and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom X on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 M is placed in the right direction of X.
2 U is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
4 C is sitting at the lower right position to U.
5 X and F are next to each other with X on the left and F on the right.
6 The object Z is positioned directly below the object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
3 I is placed in the left direction of Z.
4 I is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 The object R is positioned directly above the object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	right	1
1 G is below F and to the left of F.
2 M is sitting at the lower position to N.
3 N is to the left of E.
4 X is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 E is on the top and X is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 B is directly north east of V.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
3 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
4 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
5 K is positioned above and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M and J are side by side with M on the top and J at the bottom.
2 S is sitting in the right direction of V.
3 R is on the top and P is at the bottom.
4 P and B are vertical and P is above B.
5 B and D are next to each other with D at the bottom B on the top.
6 J is on the right and D is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object O is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
2 T and M are vertical and T is below M.
3 P is over there and T is on the right of it.
4 V is positioned below T and to the left.
5 M and J are parallel, and M is to the left of J.
6 If J is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 H and Q are next to each other with H on the left and Q on the right.
2 B is to the upper left of G.
3 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
4 E and B are side by side with B at the bottom and E on the top.
5 Q is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 B is on the left side and above W.
2 V is below M and to the left of M.
3 B is above P at 2 o'clock.
4 K is sitting at the lower right position to W.
5 X and J are both there with the object X is to the right of object J.
6 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 C and F are parallel, and C is to the right of F.
2 L is on the right and F is on the left.
3 D is on the right side and below B.
4 S is over there with E below.
5 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
6 S presents upper left to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned above C.
2 S is on the top side to U.
3 Y and U are horizontal and Y is to the left of U.
4 F presents left to S.
5 F is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 Object L is below object D and to the left of it, too.
2 D is sitting at the lower position to H.
3 A is lower left to I.
4 H and I are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
5 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
6 R is to the bottom left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 C and E are horizontal and C is to the left of E.
2 T is to the left of B horizontally.
3 E is over there with R below.
4 N is lower left to V.
5 L is over there and E is on the right of it.
6 L and B are parallel, and L is on top of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 Q and F are both there with the object Q above the object F.
2 N is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
3 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
4 The object Q is positioned directly above the object T.
5 T is at the lower side of D.
6 W is below F at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned above and to the left of H.
2 D is over there and V is on the left.
3 H is to the top-left of V.
4 G is over D.
5 J and B are both there with the object B below the object J.
6 E is to the top-right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	left	1
1 R is directly north east of I.
2 T is positioned above R.
3 I is sitting at the top position to K.
4 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
5 Q is on the left and Y is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	above	1
1 B is positioned left to L.
2 M is below X with a small gap between them.
3 A is to the upper left of Q.
4 G is on the left side to M.
5 L is to the top-left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	right	1
1 Y is at the bottom of N.
2 H is above S.
3 N is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
4 Object A is above object P and to the right of it, too.
5 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	above	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
2 U is positioned below Y and to the left.
3 B is directly south east of F.
4 K is below and to the right of L.
5 U is upper left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Object I is above object W and to the left of it, too.
2 P is below I at 4 o'clock.
3 W is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
5 Z is to the top of E vertically.
6 A is positioned above and to the left of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 X is at the lower side of V.
2 G is positioned up and to the right of Z.
3 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
4 V is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 A is below C at 7 o'clock.
6 X presents right to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	right	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
2 Z is positioned in the front right corner of A.
3 T and M are parallel, and T is under M.
4 T is placed in the left direction of F.
5 The object T and R are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
6 X is positioned left to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 V is over there with W above.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
4 V is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
5 F is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 D is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 D is above S and to the right of S.
2 J is south west of H.
3 I is upper left of W.
4 H is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
5 W is below X with a small gap between them.
6 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the left side to Y.
2 M is below U with a small gap between them.
3 F is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 H is below E and to the right of E.
5 Y is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 Y and A are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the top of L vertically.
2 T presents right to O.
3 U is sitting in the right direction of E.
4 U and Z are parallel, and Z is below U.
5 E and J are side by side with E on the top and J at the bottom.
6 Z and Q are parallel, and Z on the right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	below	1
1 M is on the top side to C.
2 C is upper left of X.
3 N is at S’s 9 o'clock.
4 T is on the right side and below X.
5 T is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	left	1
1 X is below K.
2 K and Q are parallel, and K on the right of Q.
3 D is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
4 Q is on the left side to S.
5 S is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	right	1
1 V is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 H and Z are side by side with H on the top and Z at the bottom.
4 S presents over D.
5 G is directly north east of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	below	1
1 T is to the top-left of M.
2 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
3 G is to the top-left of R.
4 D and R are parallel, and D on the right of R.
5 K is under G.
6 G is sitting at the lower position to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Y is above V at 2 o'clock.
2 C is to the right of G.
3 D is at S’s 9 o'clock.
4 If O is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
5 If V is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
6 O is sitting at the upper left position to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E and I are both there with the object E is to the left of object I.
2 The object N is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
3 B is positioned in the top left corner of C.
4 W is diagonally to the upper right of N.
5 W is south west of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
2 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
3 Object Q is below object V and to the right of it, too.
4 C and V are parallel, and C on the left of V.
5 P and Y are in a vertical line with Y below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
2 N is positioned left to C.
3 H presents lower right to V.
4 C is to the upper left of H.
5 Object Q is below object B and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 G is over there and D is on the right of it.
2 G is south west of J.
3 O and G are both there with the object G below the object O.
4 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
5 T is on the right and U is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	above	1
1 O is to the top-left of X.
2 M is to the bottom-left of F.
3 M is placed at the bottom of Y.
4 Z is on the left side to F.
5 M is on the left side and above G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
2 W is placed at the bottom of J.
3 X presents lower right to E.
4 Y is on the top and L is at the bottom.
5 J is positioned below Y and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 T is sitting at the upper left position to H.
3 U is at H's 6 o'clock.
4 M is diagonally left and below Y.
5 R presents left to H.
6 If R is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object S.
2 J is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
3 Y and E are horizontal and Y is to the right of E.
4 S is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face S.
5 The objects K and X are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
6 C is to the bottom right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	left	1
1 Q is to the upper left of A.
2 R presents left to M.
3 A is above Y and to the right of Y.
4 W is below and to the right of A.
5 If L is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	below	1
1 R is north west of V.
2 S is over there and E is on the left.
3 R is on the top and S is at the bottom.
4 R is sitting at the lower right position to X.
5 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	right	1
1 M is on the left and S is on the right.
2 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
3 E is at the bottom and S is on the top.
4 S is sitting in the left direction of Z.
5 If W is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
6 X is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 H is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
2 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
3 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
4 B is at the bottom of N.
5 F is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
2 Object Q is below object L and to the right of it, too.
3 Y is diagonally right and above S.
4 L is above Z at 2 o'clock.
5 O is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 K is over there with L below.
2 M and Q are parallel, and Q is below M.
3 Q is on the right side and below R.
4 R and W are side by side with W at the bottom and R on the top.
5 M is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	left	1
1 N is sitting at the top position to P.
2 I is placed in the right direction of C.
3 B is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 D is directly south west of V.
5 N is above and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 F presents below Q.
2 The object F and A are there. The object F is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 M is to the bottom left of A.
4 O is at M’s 9 o'clock.
5 H is at the bottom of I vertically.
6 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	right	1
1 G is to the left of B horizontally.
2 P and W are in a vertical line with P on top.
3 W is to the left of D.
4 G is directly below W.
5 U is above Y at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	right	1
1 N and G are side by side with N on the top and G at the bottom.
2 The object P is positioned above and to the left of object S.
3 Object W is below object U and to the right of it, too.
4 The objects E and I are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
5 I presents right to G.
6 I is to the right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	above	1
1 G and U are side by side with G to the left and U to the right.
2 Object G is above object H and to the left of it, too.
3 C is to the left of A horizontally.
4 I is to the right of D horizontally.
5 A presents over H.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 E is positioned below and to the right of Z.
2 The object V and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 Z is above X with a small gap between them.
4 M and F are both there with the object M above the object F.
5 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
6 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned down and to the left of K.
2 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
3 K is diagonally below C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 J is over there with P below.
5 H is at K’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	right	1
1 Q is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 I presents left to F.
3 J is positioned above D.
4 The object F is positioned directly below the object M.
5 I is at D’s 9 o'clock.
6 F presents upper right to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 J is positioned in the top left corner of S.
3 M is positioned left to L.
4 I is at the lower side of Y.
5 Y presents lower left to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents lower left to J.
2 L is diagonally left and above L.
3 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
4 F is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 E is sitting at the lower left position to S.
6 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	left	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 F is below P with a small gap between them.
3 D and L are next to each other with L at the bottom D on the top.
4 Object I is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
5 Y is lower right of N.
6 S is placed at the upper left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 T is over there and O is directly below it.
2 H is below A and to the left of A.
3 J is over there and T is on the left of it.
4 T is below L and to the right of L.
5 L is diagonally left and above L.
6 P is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The objects A and D are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 V is sitting at the top position to N.
3 A is to the top-left of Q.
4 K is on the right and A is on the left.
5 O is on the left and Q is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	above	1
1 U is placed at the bottom of Q.
2 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object W.
3 W is positioned below U and to the right.
4 X is positioned up and to the right of Q.
5 O is diagonally to the upper right of A.
6 H is below W at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the right side to U.
2 U and E are both there with the object U above the object E.
3 O is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 The object I and Q are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
5 J is south west of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 L is placed at the upper left of Y.
2 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
3 N is on the right and Y is on the left.
4 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
5 E is directly below W.
6 X is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 W and O are next to each other with O on the right and W on the left.
2 The object N is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
3 L is below E with a small gap between them.
4 Q is below E and to the left of E.
5 O is directly north west of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Z and C are parallel, and Z on the right of C.
2 Z is over there with D above.
3 B is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
5 The object V is positioned directly below the object G.
6 J is on the top and D is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	right	1
1 Q and V are in a vertical line with V below Q.
2 O is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 J is to the top-right of G.
4 I is north west of T.
5 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
6 O is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
2 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
3 Object Y is below object N and to the right of it, too.
4 L is on the upper right of B.
5 B is to the top-right of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	left	1
1 O and Q are parallel, and O is to the right of Q.
2 S is at the bottom and I is on the top.
3 W is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 L is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 Q is over there with T above.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	left	1
1 L is to the upper left of P.
2 T is positioned below and to the right of I.
3 E is over there with C below.
4 The object I is positioned above and to the left of object E.
5 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned below L and to the right.
2 D is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 N is to the right of L horizontally.
4 L presents upper left to S.
5 G and I are next to each other with G on the top and I at the bottom.
6 I is at P's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q presents left to L.
2 Object L is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
3 The object X is positioned directly below the object L.
4 V and F are parallel, and V is to the left of F.
5 Y is below and to the left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	above	1
1 H and L are side by side with H to the left and L to the right.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
3 Y is sitting at the lower right position to Q.
4 Y is to the left of H horizontally.
5 B is on the left side to K.
6 F presents lower right to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	above	1
1 P is above and to the left of T.
2 L is sitting at the lower left position to P.
3 J is above K and to the right of K.
4 R is over there and O is on the right.
5 L is sitting in the left direction of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 W is directly north east of Z.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
3 P is diagonally to the upper right of H.
4 K is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower righthand corner.
5 The object Z is positioned directly above the object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object E and to the right of it, too.
2 P is below D and to the right of D.
3 The object V is positioned directly below the object I.
4 Q is north west of A.
5 A is above I and to the left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 Y is over there and Q is directly above it.
2 B is at N's 12 o'clock.
3 K is over there and S is on the right.
4 S is over there and O is on the right of it.
5 O is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
6 K is on the top side to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	right	1
1 H and X are parallel, and H is on top of X.
2 I is sitting at the top position to X.
3 E is diagonally left and below X.
4 W is positioned below S and to the right.
5 P and E are next to each other with P on the left and E on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
2 W is on the left side and above O.
3 W is positioned right to L.
4 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
5 W is directly south east of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 Q is positioned below D and to the right.
2 G is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 G is over there and I is on the right.
4 O and J are parallel, and O is to the right of J.
5 I is to the bottom-right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the left of G horizontally.
2 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
3 F is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
4 C and E are side by side with C to the right and E to the left.
5 C is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 K is at the bottom of E vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	left	1
1 V is diagonally right and below R.
2 W is to the top of R vertically.
3 V is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 X is diagonally left and below U.
5 The object L and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	below	1
1 B presents right to I.
2 R is placed in the right direction of N.
3 T presents lower right to N.
4 G is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
5 S is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	below	1
1 U is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 P is above N with a small gap between them.
3 S is to the top-right of V.
4 W is below and to the left of U.
5 U is positioned above and to the left of P.
6 U presents lower left to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally left and above I.
2 S is on the lower left of M.
3 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
4 S is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 Y presents lower left to H.
6 H is at the lower side of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally right and above I.
2 X presents below S.
3 H is sitting in the right direction of R.
4 W is on the right and V is on the left.
5 The objects G and W are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
6 H and W are in a vertical line with H on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 R is diagonally above G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is over K.
3 Y is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 C is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 G is at the bottom of H vertically.
6 K presents upper right to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	left	1
1 Q is at the lower side of E.
2 I and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
3 Q is positioned below H and to the right.
4 E and L are side by side with E to the right and L to the left.
5 G is over there and L is on the left of it.
6 Q is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 L and V are both there with the object L above the object V.
2 U is diagonally left and below L.
3 A is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
4 G and T are side by side with G to the right and T to the left.
5 L is north east of A.
6 U is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Q is placed in the left direction of W.
3 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object Q.
4 X is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 Q is at the 6 o'clock position relative to B.
6 Z presents lower right to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Object M is below object D and to the left of it, too.
2 L and D are parallel, and L is over D.
3 Y is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 M is to the top-left of X.
5 R is to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the right of W.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object Q.
3 G is south west of X.
4 W is sitting at the lower left position to X.
5 O is at X's 3 o'clock.
6 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	below	1
1 P is over there and T is on the top of it.
2 P and F are side by side with P to the right and F to the left.
3 X is at P's 6 o'clock.
4 U is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 J is on the lower right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	below	1
1 A and C are parallel, and A is on top of C.
2 L is on the right side and below F.
3 L is sitting at the lower left position to J.
4 L is positioned below P.
5 F is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned down and to the left of S.
2 U and D are vertical and U is above D.
3 L is south west of M.
4 U and R are side by side with R at the bottom and U on the top.
5 D is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	above	1
1 Z is below Y and to the left of Y.
2 L is above R and to the right of R.
3 L is below N at 4 o'clock.
4 N and Z are both there with the object N is to the right of object Z.
5 D is placed at the lower right of U.
6 S is at Z's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	above	1
1 E is on the left side to C.
2 I is below P and to the left of P.
3 O is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
4 S is positioned in the top left corner of E.
5 The object C is positioned directly below the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the bottom right of V.
2 K is sitting in the left direction of E.
3 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
4 I is on the right side and top of B.
5 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 G is at the lower side of H.
2 L is below Z and to the left of Z.
3 G is lower left to P.
4 G is to the bottom right of L.
5 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	below	1
1 R and O are both there with the object R above the object O.
2 R is diagonally left and below D.
3 L is on the left side of and below K.
4 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
5 D is upper right to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 B is positioned above J and to the right.
2 B and A are horizontal and B is to the right of A.
3 O is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 N is placed at the upper right of J.
5 J is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	right	1
1 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 V and W are next to each other with W at the bottom V on the top.
3 W is below U at 4 o'clock.
4 L is to the bottom right of C.
5 I is over there and W is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	below	1
1 B is to the top of S vertically.
2 J is over there with O above.
3 S is north west of G.
4 E is positioned below O and to the left.
5 T is above and to the right of C.
6 B is on the right side and below E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T and B are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
2 C and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
3 M is over there and U is on the right.
4 C is on the right side and below U.
5 Object Y is below object U and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there and L is directly below it.
2 A and Y are parallel, and A is to the right of Y.
3 M is above V at 10 o'clock.
4 L is directly south east of Y.
5 U is placed at the lower right of A.
6 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	right	1
1 B and A are vertical and B is below A.
2 The object K is positioned directly above the object L.
3 F is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 A is above L at 2 o'clock.
5 Q and D are side by side with Q to the left and D to the right.
6 B is over there with D above.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	left	1
1 K presents left to L.
2 Object N is below object S and to the right of it, too.
3 The object Y and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
4 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
5 E is south east of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 W and I are next to each other with I on the right and W on the left.
2 D is to the top-right of C.
3 J is upper left of M.
4 W is diagonally right and above T.
5 W is over there and B is on the top of it.
6 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
2 G is below and to the right of S.
3 P is placed on the top of K.
4 K is at N's 6 o'clock.
5 I is to the top of N vertically.
6 N and W are in a vertical line with N on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	above	1
1 S and H are parallel, and S is under H.
2 R is placed on the top of Q.
3 If I is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
4 I is to the top of W vertically.
5 W is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 Z is directly south west of E.
2 Z is placed in the left direction of J.
3 V is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
4 E is at L's 12 o'clock.
5 T presents lower left to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	below	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 B is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
3 E and I are parallel, and E is on top of I.
4 Y is to the top-left of L.
5 W is at F's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the bottom-left of C.
2 K is directly below T.
3 L presents lower right to A.
4 The object V is positioned directly below the object J.
5 C is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
6 A and J are horizontal and A is to the left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	below	1
1 J is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
2 G is sitting at the upper left position to C.
3 N is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
4 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
5 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
6 J is under R.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	below	1
1 U is at the bottom of A.
2 J is to the bottom right of T.
3 N and Y are vertical and N is below Y.
4 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
5 T and Y are parallel, and T on the left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	above	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
2 L is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 F is positioned above L and to the right.
4 If O is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
5 K is positioned right to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	above	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly above L.
2 V is at the bottom and L is on the top.
3 E is placed in the left direction of L.
4 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
5 V presents upper right to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	left	1
1 D is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 G is diagonally left and above G.
3 N and M are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
4 M is to the bottom right of W.
5 F and W are in a vertical line with F on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	below	1
1 D is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
2 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
3 Q and T are next to each other with T at the bottom Q on the top.
4 N is above L with a small gap between them.
5 S and N are side by side with S on the top and N at the bottom.
6 V is to the right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	above	1
1 O is at the bottom of X vertically.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
3 N is over there and R is directly above it.
4 V is diagonally to the upper left of K.
5 O is above D at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	right	1
1 I is over there and Y is directly below it.
2 E is positioned in the lower right corner of F.
3 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
4 E and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
5 H is to the right of M.
6 M is below E and to the right of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	below	1
1 V presents below G.
2 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
3 G presents over N.
4 R is positioned above V and to the left.
5 C and R are side by side with C to the right and R to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
2 T is to the upper left of G.
3 L is diagonally to the upper right of T.
4 Z and M are parallel, and Z is on top of M.
5 G presents upper left to F.
6 L is positioned left to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	right	1
1 Y is to the top-left of T.
2 The object P is positioned directly above the object Y.
3 J and K are next to each other with K at the bottom J on the top.
4 X and D are side by side with X on the top and D at the bottom.
5 J is positioned above P.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	below	1
1 I is over there with E above.
2 E is below M at 7 o'clock.
3 The object T is positioned directly below the object Z.
4 T is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
5 P is lower right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed in the right direction of N.
2 M presents over H.
3 Y is to the upper left of W.
4 K is diagonally to the upper right of H.
5 W is south west of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Z is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
3 P is on the right and Q is on the left.
4 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
5 L is upper right to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 E is at the lower side of J.
2 M is placed at the upper left of S.
3 L is diagonally to the upper left of S.
4 If H is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
5 S is to the top of J vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 V is positioned above and to the left of G.
3 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
4 B is placed at the bottom of A.
5 Z is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
6 S is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 V is directly below U.
2 M is below V and to the left of V.
3 W is positioned down and to the left of R.
4 U is on the right side to D.
5 D is diagonally to the upper left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
2 H is at the bottom of X vertically.
3 D is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 J is to the upper left of S.
5 C is diagonally right and below H.
6 S and C are side by side with S to the left and C to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 E is upper right to S.
2 I is at the lower side of Q.
3 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
4 O is positioned above and to the left of E.
5 P is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	right	1
1 M is below G at 7 o'clock.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
3 T is positioned in the top left corner of W.
4 T and H are both there with the object T is to the left of object H.
5 The object D and W are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the bottom-right of Y.
2 Q is below U.
3 U is to the left of K horizontally.
4 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
5 B is positioned below H and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	right	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper right of O.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 Object G is above object L and to the left of it, too.
4 I presents lower right to H.
5 O is on the upper right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 C is over there and R is on the right.
2 O is there and K is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 J is to the right of D.
4 J presents lower right to C.
5 Q is positioned above and to the left of D.
6 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 E and S are next to each other with S at the bottom E on the top.
2 R is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
3 B is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
4 H and E are parallel, and H is under E.
5 Z and C are parallel, and Z on the right of C.
6 E is sitting in the right direction of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 M is over there and K is on the left.
2 A is positioned below D and to the left.
3 A is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
4 If T is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
5 T is at D's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 H is above M with a small gap between them.
3 If C is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
4 O is on the left side to M.
5 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The objects I and H are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 H is at the bottom and K is on the top.
3 I is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
4 K and O are parallel, and K is over O.
5 M is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 M is over there and R is directly below it.
2 J is sitting at the lower left position to C.
3 O is to the bottom right of C.
4 C is positioned right to A.
5 R is below and to the left of O.
6 E and T are side by side with E on the top and T at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	above	1
1 T is over there and S is directly above it.
2 M and C are side by side with M to the right and C to the left.
3 L is sitting at the lower right position to G.
4 L is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
5 L is over there and B is on the left.
6 M is on the right and G is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 The object L and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
3 Z and A are next to each other with Z on the top and A at the bottom.
4 L and A are parallel, and L on the left of A.
5 D is on the right side and below C.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 B is placed at the lower right of X.
2 E is to the bottom-left of T.
3 B is directly below S.
4 The object E is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
5 I is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
6 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the left of W.
2 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
3 I is to the bottom left of B.
4 The objects L and B are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
5 R is to the bottom left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the right side and top of K.
2 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
3 Y is sitting at the top position to E.
4 O is above Y at 10 o'clock.
5 Q is below and to the left of T.
6 G is sitting at the lower position to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 X is positioned below and to the right of Y.
2 Z is positioned above and to the left of G.
3 If E is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
4 X and R are both there with the object X is to the left of object R.
5 Y is over there with Z below.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 D and K are next to each other with D on the left and K on the right.
2 E is above Y at 10 o'clock.
3 P and A are side by side with P on the top and A at the bottom.
4 P is upper right to K.
5 D is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 C is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
3 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
4 If Y is the center of a clock face, F is located between 2 and 3.
5 If C is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
6 H and R are horizontal and H is to the left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 V is upper left of L.
2 R is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
3 L is to the left of K.
4 X is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 E is on the left and C is on the right.
6 L is to the bottom left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 A and Y are next to each other with A on the left and Y on the right.
2 Q and V are next to each other with Q on the top and V at the bottom.
3 T is on the right and O is on the left.
4 Q is on the upper right of C.
5 O is sitting at the lower right position to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	above	1
1 J is on the upper right of Q.
2 P is positioned in the top left corner of J.
3 Object H is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
4 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
5 H is below and to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object F and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 D is below V at 4 o'clock.
3 Z is over there with I below.
4 Object J is below object W and to the right of it, too.
5 V is diagonally to the upper right of R.
6 V is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Z is above B at 2 o'clock.
2 L presents right to Q.
3 L and O are parallel, and L on the right of O.
4 Q is above K and to the right of K.
5 E is on the left and L is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	left	1
1 Q is above and to the left of I.
2 C is over there and I is on the right of it.
3 W is positioned above Q.
4 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object Q.
5 D presents left to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the right of C.
2 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
3 A is north west of N.
4 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
5 E is to the right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	right	1
1 Object C is below object K and to the right of it, too.
2 D is positioned below L.
3 S and R are horizontal and S is to the left of R.
4 F and C are parallel, and F is to the right of C.
5 D and K are side by side with D to the right and K to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	below	1
1 Y is over there and L is on the left of it.
2 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
3 O is below and to the left of B.
4 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
5 S is placed at the lower right of T.
6 Y is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	left	1
1 L presents upper left to Z.
2 P and Y are horizontal and P is to the left of Y.
3 A is to the upper left of P.
4 Y is positioned in the top left corner of R.
5 P is positioned right to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	left	1
1 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
2 P is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
3 N and S are both there with the object N above the object S.
4 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
5 F is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 G is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	right	1
1 G is over W.
2 Z is above J.
3 Q and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
4 G is positioned in the front right corner of I.
5 X is south east of G.
6 G is directly north west of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y presents below I.
2 D is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
4 K is sitting in the left direction of R.
5 D is at I's 12 o'clock.
6 R is below Z with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	left	1
1 H is at the lower side of A.
2 X is on the left side to T.
3 E is north east of C.
4 If X is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
5 T is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	above	1
1 K is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
2 U and W are parallel, and U is to the left of W.
3 A is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
4 B is at M's 3 o'clock.
5 H is to the top right of A.
6 B is below N with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
2 G is to the upper left of W.
3 The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
4 G presents upper right to P.
5 V is on top of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	above	1
1 A is below and to the left of V.
2 I is to the top of F vertically.
3 If K is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
4 K is upper left of A.
5 M and K are parallel, and M on the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
2 X is sitting at the upper right position to T.
3 M is south east of C.
4 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
5 If P is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
6 M is sitting at the top position to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	right	1
1 I is placed at the upper left of Y.
2 I is on the lower right of D.
3 J is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
4 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
5 The object U and L are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
6 Object I is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the top-right of G.
2 J is on the right side and top of T.
3 G presents upper left to T.
4 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
5 S is below and to the right of J.
6 If A is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
2 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
3 O is above G at 2 o'clock.
4 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
5 W is positioned up and to the right of P.
6 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	left	1
1 J is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 P is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 I is positioned above V and to the right.
4 F is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
5 M is below F.
6 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	below	1
1 U and P are horizontal and U is to the left of P.
2 E and S are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
3 B is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 E is positioned left to G.
5 U is to the bottom left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 N presents below L.
2 V is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 E and J are parallel, and E is under J.
4 If N is the center of a clock face, K is located between 2 and 3.
5 V is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Y and S are next to each other with S on the right and Y on the left.
2 E and Q are horizontal and E is to the left of Q.
3 E is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 W and D are next to each other with W on the left and D on the right.
5 Y is above U and to the left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
2 M is to the left of G horizontally.
3 The object S is positioned above and to the left of object H.
4 If R is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
5 If H is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
6 The object B and V are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 C is over there and I is on the right of it.
3 P is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 G is upper left of N.
5 C is sitting in the right direction of F.
6 C is over there and H is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally right and below Z.
2 F is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 D is above and to the right of Z.
4 N is at the bottom and F is on the top.
5 The objects J and S are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
6 M and F are parallel, and M is on top of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	left	1
1 O and K are both there with the object K below the object O.
2 O is over there and V is on the right of it.
3 T is lower left to V.
4 Z is to the right of I horizontally.
5 T is positioned in the front right corner of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Z and E are side by side with E at the bottom and Z on the top.
2 F is lower right of L.
3 R is placed at the lower right of F.
4 J is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 D is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	above	1
1 M is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 T is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
3 Y and C are side by side with Y to the left and C to the right.
4 M presents over T.
5 M is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	left	1
1 I is to the left of U horizontally.
2 U presents right to K.
3 E is on the lower left of I.
4 V is to the upper left of T.
5 U is below V with a small gap between them.
6 G is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 F and T are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
4 U presents upper right to H.
5 F is to the bottom-right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	right	1
1 T is positioned left to C.
2 Z is sitting at the upper right position to J.
3 W is to the right of T.
4 V is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 H is diagonally to the upper left of C.
6 C is over there and I is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
3 C is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 C and J are side by side with C to the left and J to the right.
5 Object W is above object C and to the left of it, too.
6 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	left	1
1 S and P are parallel, and S on the right of P.
2 L and G are next to each other with G at the bottom L on the top.
3 W and A are vertical and W is above A.
4 E and S are in a vertical line with E on top.
5 E is to the bottom left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 N presents lower left to H.
2 R is above U and to the right of U.
3 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
4 Z is over there and K is on the top of it.
5 F is on the left side and above N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 B is on the right side to V.
3 W presents upper right to V.
4 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
5 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
6 Y is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	below	1
1 A presents right to C.
2 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
3 J and I are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
4 J is under E.
5 J is positioned below H and to the right.
6 If C is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	right	1
1 S is above C.
2 X is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 X is on the top and B is at the bottom.
4 T is on the lower left of S.
5 J and F are next to each other with J on the top and F at the bottom.
6 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	right	1
1 G is directly above K.
2 L is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 J is sitting at the upper right position to C.
4 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object J.
5 Object L is below object R and to the left of it, too.
6 T and N are both there with the object T is to the left of object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 U is sitting at the top position to V.
3 Y and Z are next to each other with Y on the left and Z on the right.
4 H is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
5 Y is to the bottom left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	above	1
1 W is above I and to the left of I.
2 H presents upper left to S.
3 I is to the left of S.
4 H is directly below B.
5 A is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
6 R is placed at the upper left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The objects Q and R are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 V is on the same vertical plane directly above Q.
3 V is above A and to the left of A.
4 A and Y are horizontal and A is to the right of Y.
5 X is above F and to the left of F.
6 S is below and to the right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	right	1
1 J and Q are horizontal and J is to the left of Q.
2 C is north west of N.
3 N and M are both there with the object N is to the left of object M.
4 N presents lower right to Z.
5 F presents lower left to N.
6 M and W are horizontal and M is to the right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 T and O are side by side with T to the left and O to the right.
2 E is on the top of O and is on the same vertical plane.
3 I is over there and F is on the top of it.
4 W is above V at 10 o'clock.
5 I is at the bottom of O vertically.
6 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 O is above and to the left of Q.
2 L presents upper left to G.
3 V is to the right of L.
4 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
5 O is to the upper left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The objects Y and Q are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 J is below and to the left of P.
3 F is at J's 6 o'clock.
4 Q and F are side by side with Q on the top and F at the bottom.
5 D is positioned in the lower left corner of A.
6 V is to the top of J vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Y and W are horizontal and Y is to the left of W.
2 M is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 The objects V and H are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
4 S is under H.
5 V is below M with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	below	1
1 Y is at the bottom of Z vertically.
2 Z and F are parallel, and Z on the left of F.
3 C and Y are both there with the object C is to the right of object Y.
4 Y is to the upper left of N.
5 P is over there and T is on the top of it.
6 I and C are horizontal and I is to the left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the top-right of I.
2 I and Q are horizontal and I is to the right of Q.
3 V is placed at the upper right of X.
4 L is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 V and I are parallel, and V is to the left of I.
6 F is below I with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	right	1
1 P is positioned below B and to the left.
2 Y is diagonally left and below B.
3 Z and P are side by side with Z on the top and P at the bottom.
4 R is placed in the left direction of Y.
5 M and H are parallel, and M on the right of H.
6 L is on the right and Z is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 M is over there and E is directly below it.
2 J is diagonally to the upper right of P.
3 N is above E with a small gap between them.
4 X is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 P is to the bottom-left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 M is below H at 4 o'clock.
2 T is to the bottom right of A.
3 F is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 M is sitting in the left direction of Y.
5 M is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 D is at X's 12 o'clock.
2 H is directly above D.
3 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
4 K is over there and D is on the left of it.
5 K and F are parallel, and F is below K.
6 G presents right to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally left and above G.
2 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 P is upper left of M.
4 D is below Z and to the left of Z.
5 K is on the top and J is at the bottom.
6 I and M are both there with the object I is to the right of object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 T is on the right and R is on the left.
3 K is on the lower left of M.
4 K is below and to the right of N.
5 D is over there and K is on the right.
6 H and Q are side by side with H to the left and Q to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
2 Q is below and to the left of O.
3 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
4 J is above F.
5 P is there and X is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
6 Object Q is above object F and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 I and D are parallel, and I is under D.
2 M is at T’s 9 o'clock.
3 S is sitting at the lower left position to O.
4 I is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
5 L is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	below	1
1 U is to the top-right of M.
2 W is below O at 7 o'clock.
3 M is north east of R.
4 W and M are both there with the object W above the object M.
5 U is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 B is on the left side of and below Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 M is directly south east of Y.
2 H presents lower left to R.
3 H and B are horizontal and H is to the left of B.
4 A is on the right side and top of C.
5 R presents right to Y.
6 H and I are side by side with H to the left and I to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
2 X is placed at the bottom of F.
3 W presents right to F.
4 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
5 T is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
2 X is below D and to the left of D.
3 Y is on the lower left of S.
4 U is at W's 3 o'clock.
5 W and X are parallel, and W is over X.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	left	1
1 J presents upper left to K.
2 K is directly south east of C.
3 C is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
4 J and X are next to each other with X on the right and J on the left.
5 O is on the left side of and below N.
6 M presents upper right to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	above	1
1 O is on the top and A is at the bottom.
2 I is above and to the left of V.
3 F is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 Q is above Z with a small gap between them.
5 F and V are side by side with V at the bottom and F on the top.
6 Y presents lower right to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the bottom right of G.
2 U is on the top side to J.
3 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
4 W is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
5 C is sitting at the top position to E.
6 S is placed at the upper left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the left side of and below V.
2 H is under E.
3 N is below and to the left of W.
4 H is to the top of S vertically.
5 N and E are parallel, and N is to the right of E.
6 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	below	1
1 U is over P.
2 P and Y are parallel, and P is to the left of Y.
3 The objects P and A are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
4 Y is above and to the right of D.
5 J and U are parallel, and J is to the left of U.
6 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	below	1
1 L and E are vertical and L is below E.
2 The objects N and E are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 F is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 W and E are parallel, and W is to the left of E.
5 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	right	1
1 B is diagonally left and below D.
2 L is to the upper left of P.
3 T is placed in the left direction of C.
4 Q is positioned above H and to the left.
5 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
6 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Q is to the left of N horizontally.
2 Q is placed at the bottom of I.
3 C is diagonally left and above C.
4 I is placed at the upper left of B.
5 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
6 G is upper right to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	above	1
1 W is to the bottom left of R.
2 T is positioned up and to the right of H.
3 E is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 E is positioned below A.
5 E and T are next to each other with T on the right and E on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	left	1
1 W is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
3 U and D are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
4 Y is above P and to the left of P.
5 H is south west of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the bottom left of L.
2 O is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
3 H is lower right of U.
4 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
5 B is to the right of L.
6 O and D are vertical and O is above D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the top right of V.
2 J is over there with B below.
3 S is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
4 Q is at F’s 9 o'clock.
5 U is positioned in the lower right corner of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
2 Z is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
3 Y is above and to the left of Z.
4 S and O are parallel, and S is to the left of O.
5 X is above S and to the left of S.
6 D is on the left and F is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 Y is on the upper right of V.
2 V is on the right side and below C.
3 If D is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
4 F and C are parallel, and F is on top of C.
5 C and O are next to each other with O on the right and C on the left.
6 W is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to P.
2 P is on the right side and below L.
3 L is on the lower right of Q.
4 Z and B are parallel, and Z is on top of B.
5 X is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the right of A horizontally.
2 The object S and B are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 S is over there and L is on the right of it.
4 A and V are side by side with A to the left and V to the right.
5 M and I are parallel, and M is to the right of I.
6 S is below A at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned above L and to the left.
2 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 L is below and to the right of R.
4 A presents lower left to L.
5 J is below A at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 H is placed in the left direction of W.
2 R is directly above U.
3 U is diagonally to the upper right of X.
4 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
5 O is over there and X is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	left	1
1 G is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The object Z is positioned directly below the object Y.
3 H is over there and Z is directly above it.
4 Z and W are parallel, and Z is on top of W.
5 W and F are both there with the object F below the object W.
6 W is on the lower left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	above	1
1 B presents left to Q.
2 F is under U.
3 The objects Q and P are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
4 K is positioned above Q.
5 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
6 S is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	above	1
1 V and S are in a vertical line with V on top.
2 V and L are parallel, and V on the right of L.
3 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
4 Y is placed at the lower left of O.
5 N is sitting in the right direction of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
2 P is over there and D is on the left of it.
3 The object T and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
4 Q presents left to N.
5 N is positioned below and to the right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	left	1
1 X and B are vertical and X is below B.
2 D is on the left side of and below K.
3 N is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
4 K is sitting at the top position to E.
5 T is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 O is above J.
2 M is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
3 J is positioned left to Z.
4 R is to the bottom-left of A.
5 R presents upper left to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	above	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
2 B is over there and V is on the right of it.
3 S is on the lower right of X.
4 B is upper right to P.
5 P is at K’s 9 o'clock.
6 U is sitting at the upper right position to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	right	1
1 W is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
2 U presents left to Y.
3 P is above W at 2 o'clock.
4 N and T are in a vertical line with T below N.
5 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to E.
6 W is at the bottom of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 M and A are next to each other with A on the right and M on the left.
2 E is over there and U is on the left.
3 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
4 W and B are parallel, and W on the right of B.
5 E and H are in a vertical line with E on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 G and C are horizontal and G is to the right of C.
2 J and I are side by side with I at the bottom and J on the top.
3 A is positioned below and to the right of G.
4 C and L are parallel, and C is on top of L.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 H is diagonally left and above H.
2 R is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 The objects Z and B are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
4 D is below and to the right of Q.
5 D is on the left side of and below Z.
6 N is positioned above V and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 D and S are next to each other with D on the left and S on the right.
2 I is lower left to D.
3 U is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
4 R is above and to the left of Y.
5 J is positioned below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 B is at the bottom and H is on the top.
2 Object X is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
3 B is to the bottom-right of W.
4 H is over there with M above.
5 C is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	left	1
1 G is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 U is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 L and B are horizontal and L is to the right of B.
4 A is above L at 10 o'clock.
5 A is south west of G.
6 V is diagonally to the upper right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the left of E.
2 X is at the bottom of O.
3 R presents over O.
4 K is to the bottom-right of U.
5 E is placed in the left direction of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
2 Q is sitting at the lower left position to U.
3 N is below U at 4 o'clock.
4 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
5 A is to the bottom-left of N.
6 The objects A and H are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 M is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
3 J and T are vertical and J is below T.
4 K is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 J is to the right of Q horizontally.
6 J and M are both there with the object M below the object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	below	1
1 V presents lower right to D.
2 V is to the top right of H.
3 W is above O.
4 E is to the bottom left of V.
5 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
6 T is to the left of S horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 O and L are next to each other with L on the right and O on the left.
2 G and R are horizontal and G is to the right of R.
3 F is positioned below B.
4 U and L are parallel, and U is to the left of L.
5 The object F is positioned directly above the object O.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 H is directly north west of A.
2 E is to the top-left of F.
3 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
4 D is sitting at the upper right position to H.
5 F is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the left side and above E.
2 D is below E at 4 o'clock.
3 I and S are parallel, and I is over S.
4 R is at Z's 12 o'clock.
5 R is diagonally left and above R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
2 A is sitting in the right direction of M.
3 T is above and to the left of E.
4 S is sitting at the upper right position to M.
5 L is diagonally left and below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 U and C are horizontal and U is to the right of C.
2 T is placed at the upper right of X.
3 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
4 W is placed in the left direction of G.
5 G is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the bottom-left of A.
2 Y and W are parallel, and Y on the right of W.
3 A and W are next to each other with A on the left and W on the right.
4 Y is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 B presents lower left to T.
6 P is sitting at the upper left position to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 T is to the bottom-left of F.
2 R is diagonally to the upper right of O.
3 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
4 O is on the left side and above F.
5 F is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the left side to S.
2 H is above Z and to the left of Z.
3 H is sitting at the top position to X.
4 A is on the right and E is on the left.
5 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
6 S is directly above J.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned in the top left corner of Z.
2 S is on the right side and below P.
3 A is over N.
4 N is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 A and Q are both there with the object A above the object Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	below	1
1 D is to the bottom right of F.
2 Y is sitting at the upper right position to W.
3 S is on the right side and below C.
4 S is sitting at the top position to W.
5 V is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 R is over there with U above.
2 D is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 L and U are next to each other with U on the right and L on the left.
4 N and P are side by side with N to the right and P to the left.
5 R and K are parallel, and R is under K.
6 L is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	below	1
1 N is sitting at the upper left position to O.
2 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
3 A is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
4 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
5 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
6 J is over there and Z is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	right	1
1 V is to the bottom right of H.
2 Q and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
3 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
4 H is below G and to the left of G.
5 P is placed at the upper right of H.
6 P and C are side by side with P to the right and C to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 Q is placed at the lower left of M.
3 F is sitting at the lower left position to X.
4 If K is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
5 V is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned below and to the right of O.
2 B and W are next to each other with B on the top and W at the bottom.
3 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
4 K is directly south east of H.
5 H is sitting at the lower left position to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	left	1
1 J is at E's 6 o'clock.
2 P is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
3 K and N are both there with the object K is to the left of object N.
4 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
5 E is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 C and O are vertical and C is below O.
2 S is over there and C is on the top of it.
3 Q is on top of W.
4 G is at O's 6 o'clock.
5 J is diagonally right and below G.
6 J is over there and K is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
2 Y is positioned below Q and to the right.
3 G is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
4 R and K are parallel, and K is below R.
5 U is on the upper right of X.
6 Y and G are vertical and Y is below G.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 P is to the bottom right of L.
2 O is on the top and P is at the bottom.
3 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
4 H and K are parallel, and H on the right of K.
5 H is to the bottom left of P.
6 T is positioned in the front right corner of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 C is on the right and X is on the left.
2 X is positioned right to K.
3 A is placed at the bottom of I.
4 X is placed on the top of G.
5 A is placed in the left direction of X.
6 S is on the right and V is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Object X is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to C.
3 L and F are parallel, and F is below L.
4 B is to the top-right of E.
5 F is over there and P is on the right.
6 F is on the right side and top of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 B is positioned right to Y.
2 Y is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
3 A is positioned above V and to the right.
4 V is to the upper left of D.
5 E is placed at the lower right of K.
6 Y is on the left side of and below J.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 G presents lower right to Z.
2 R and L are parallel, and R is over L.
3 J is diagonally to the upper left of A.
4 The object A and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
5 Y is on the left side of and below A.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is placed on the top of V.
2 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
3 I is over there and V is on the right.
4 X is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
5 O is lower left to T.
6 T presents upper right to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned right to Q.
2 T is below M at 7 o'clock.
3 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
4 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
5 H is on top of T.
6 Q is at N's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object P and to the right of it, too.
2 M is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
3 P and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
4 A is positioned above J and to the right.
5 Y is sitting in the right direction of S.
6 P and C are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting at the lower left position to D.
2 Object G is above object O and to the left of it, too.
3 H is on the left side to M.
4 D is over there and G is on the left.
5 J is at the bottom of O vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	below	1
1 T is positioned below and to the right of D.
2 A is at the lower side of O.
3 E is on the upper right of O.
4 A is to the upper left of F.
5 E is on the lower right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 G is over there with V above.
2 V is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 Object V is below object R and to the right of it, too.
4 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
5 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is on the lower left of H.
2 X is over there and U is directly above it.
3 C presents upper right to H.
4 K is to the left of G.
5 A is south west of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
2 Y is upper right to Q.
3 Y and H are parallel, and Y on the left of H.
4 The object F and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
5 R is on the lower right of V.
6 F is above U at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 B is lower right of G.
3 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
4 B and S are next to each other with B on the left and S on the right.
5 C is above A.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 G is to the right of E.
2 G presents lower left to V.
3 D is on the right and Z is on the left.
4 C and E are parallel, and C is to the right of E.
5 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 U is lower right of Y.
3 N is over K.
4 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
5 N presents upper right to V.
6 P is to the top-right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 T presents lower left to M.
3 S is on the upper right of Q.
4 R is to the bottom-right of T.
5 P and R are parallel, and P on the right of R.
6 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	right	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 E is diagonally left and below R.
3 B and E are next to each other with B on the top and E at the bottom.
4 C and B are both there with the object C is to the left of object B.
5 H is lower left to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 B is below O at 4 o'clock.
2 V is above D at 2 o'clock.
3 X is on the right side and top of C.
4 C is at the bottom of D vertically.
5 U is below X.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	above	1
1 M is above D at 2 o'clock.
2 W is over there and Y is directly below it.
3 A and Z are in a vertical line with Z below A.
4 T is to the upper left of Y.
5 Z is above Y and to the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	above	1
1 P is to the upper left of E.
2 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
3 F is north west of E.
4 F is on the left and V is on the right.
5 I is positioned above and to the left of W.
6 If E is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 Y is positioned below X and to the right.
2 Y is on top of Z.
3 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
4 M is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 Y and H are both there with the object H below the object Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	below	1
1 C is directly above W.
2 F is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Z is on the left side to F.
4 A and F are side by side with F at the bottom and A on the top.
5 X is on the left and F is on the right.
6 B is at the lower side of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the top right of V.
2 U is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
4 V is at the bottom of Y.
5 R is north west of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the lower right of M.
2 Z is over O.
3 O is below M at 4 o'clock.
4 M and N are parallel, and M is under N.
5 N and R are parallel, and N is to the left of R.
6 P is above W at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	right	1
1 L is on the upper right of K.
2 O and G are next to each other with O on the top and G at the bottom.
3 Y presents left to T.
4 W is south west of O.
5 O and L are both there with the object O is to the left of object L.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	above	1
1 L and N are parallel, and N is below L.
2 Q is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 A is south west of C.
4 C is south west of H.
5 Q is to the top-right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 W is placed at the upper right of K.
2 K is placed at the upper left of V.
3 U is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 Q is south west of G.
5 U is to the bottom-right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 D is to the bottom right of Y.
3 Y is on the left side and above H.
4 Object N is above object I and to the left of it, too.
5 Y and I are side by side with Y on the top and I at the bottom.
6 T presents lower right to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	left	1
1 R is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
2 Z is to the top right of P.
3 K is upper left of D.
4 X is positioned left to N.
5 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 C is directly below X.
2 E is placed in the right direction of Z.
3 C is positioned in the front right corner of L.
4 M and C are side by side with C at the bottom and M on the top.
5 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
6 The object C is positioned directly below the object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
2 The object U is positioned directly above the object Z.
3 I is below E at 7 o'clock.
4 U is positioned above Q and to the left.
5 X is to the right of U horizontally.
6 Q is positioned below A and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned right to L.
2 L is positioned left to D.
3 Object I is below object U and to the right of it, too.
4 Q and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and Q on the top.
5 A is at the bottom of M.
6 U is placed on the top of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 F is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
2 O is diagonally left and above O.
3 F is over there and G is on the left.
4 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
5 The object K is positioned directly above the object X.
6 F is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	above	1
1 T is north west of I.
2 X is over W.
3 J is directly south west of R.
4 X is below J with a small gap between them.
5 S is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned in the front right corner of A.
2 C is to the upper left of H.
3 C is sitting in the right direction of U.
4 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
5 H is to the right of R horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	left	1
1 K is sitting in the left direction of T.
2 H is over there and T is directly below it.
3 Z is on the lower right of E.
4 Z is diagonally to the upper left of T.
5 U is at the lower side of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 F is at the bottom and H is on the top.
3 M is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
4 M presents lower left to Z.
5 Object Z is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
6 The object Z and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
2 F presents right to V.
3 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
4 F and Y are side by side with F on the top and Y at the bottom.
5 G presents lower left to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
2 G is over there and E is directly below it.
3 E is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
4 The object G is positioned directly above the object S.
5 E is south west of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 N is positioned below Q.
2 R is north west of Y.
3 Q is placed in the left direction of A.
4 A and V are next to each other with V at the bottom A on the top.
5 B is positioned above V.
6 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 S and C are both there with the object S is to the right of object C.
2 P is to the left of X horizontally.
3 E is to the bottom right of V.
4 R is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
5 R is above V at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the right of D horizontally.
2 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 A and D are side by side with A to the left and D to the right.
4 V presents right to F.
5 A is positioned up and to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the left and A is on the right.
2 A is positioned below H and to the right.
3 T is to the top-left of I.
4 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
5 I is over there and H is on the left.
6 H and J are parallel, and H is over J.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned in the lower right corner of X.
2 B is below Q at 7 o'clock.
3 Y is positioned below M.
4 O is positioned below C and to the left.
5 B and X are parallel, and B is on top of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Q and G are parallel, and G is below Q.
2 L is south west of Q.
3 R is positioned in the top left corner of E.
4 L and O are side by side with O at the bottom and L on the top.
5 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	left	1
1 D is to the top-right of L.
2 U is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 A is positioned up and to the right of Y.
4 B is placed at the upper left of D.
5 P is placed at the lower left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the left side to R.
2 N is north west of U.
3 N and T are horizontal and N is to the left of T.
4 The object N is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
5 A and C are both there with the object C below the object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	right	1
1 H is positioned below and to the right of E.
2 G is on the right and A is on the left.
3 P is north west of G.
4 P is placed in the right direction of E.
5 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object O.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	left	1
1 E and L are in a vertical line with L below E.
2 J is directly south west of L.
3 L is on the upper right of O.
4 C is above and to the left of S.
5 H presents left to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 Q is below X at 4 o'clock.
2 S is on the upper right of U.
3 S and Y are in a vertical line with Y below S.
4 M is diagonally right and below S.
5 Y is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 S is on the left side of and below T.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned above F and to the right.
2 The object R and M are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 U is upper left of Y.
4 U and D are parallel, and U is on top of D.
5 R is over there and B is on the left.
6 R is to the top right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 U and H are horizontal and U is to the right of H.
2 U is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
3 M is north east of E.
4 O is at K’s 9 o'clock.
5 E is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 L is positioned above Y and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 G is above Z and to the right of Z.
2 H is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
3 A is directly below S.
4 F is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 A is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 A and F are horizontal and A is to the right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the bottom-right of E.
2 E is positioned in the front right corner of K.
3 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
4 L and O are parallel, and L is to the right of O.
5 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object C.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	right	1
1 Y is positioned right to M.
2 M is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 Q is to the left of E.
4 D is lower right of B.
5 U is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 E is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned above J.
2 C is at the bottom of J vertically.
3 Z presents upper right to Y.
4 Y is below and to the left of U.
5 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object V.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W is directly north east of F.
2 J is on the left side of and below K.
3 Y is to the bottom right of W.
4 I is positioned in the lower right corner of N.
5 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
2 J is at P’s 9 o'clock.
3 If I is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
4 J is to the right of U horizontally.
5 V is south east of E.
6 M is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	above	1
1 O and S are side by side with O to the right and S to the left.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
3 N is above D.
4 Q is over there and R is on the right of it.
5 Q and O are both there with the object Q above the object O.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
2 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
3 V is sitting at the lower left position to C.
4 J is directly north east of O.
5 N is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	above	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 L is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
3 F is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 W is at D’s 9 o'clock.
5 B is below C at 7 o'clock.
6 C and D are next to each other with C on the top and D at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	left	1
1 P is positioned left to R.
2 K is sitting at the lower left position to H.
3 P is diagonally above D to the right at a 45 degree.
4 L is upper right to R.
5 P is placed at the upper left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	right	1
1 U is at the bottom of Y vertically.
2 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 U presents upper right to S.
4 D is placed at the lower right of Y.
5 S and F are parallel, and S on the left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 O is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
3 C and X are horizontal and C is to the left of X.
4 Object Q is above object U and to the left of it, too.
5 I is on the right side and top of C.
6 N is sitting in the right direction of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	left	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to F.
2 V is north east of J.
3 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
4 If F is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
5 I is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the lower left position to C.
2 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 C is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
4 T is positioned below N and to the right.
5 S presents over C.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The objects T and B are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 H is at the lower side of Q.
4 T is sitting in the left direction of Q.
5 T is south west of C.
6 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	above	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper right of X.
2 O is sitting at the top position to H.
3 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
4 If C is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
5 R is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 S is over there and O is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	left	1
1 P is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 E is sitting at the lower left position to O.
3 A is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 H is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 T is over there and D is on the left of it.
6 O is over there and H is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 O and E are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
2 Object P is below object E and to the right of it, too.
3 L is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 F is positioned in the front right corner of D.
5 Q is above and to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 T and M are parallel, and T on the left of M.
3 J and T are parallel, and J is to the left of T.
4 Y is positioned above I.
5 U is sitting at the lower position to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 D is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 S is over W.
4 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
5 V is under W.
6 V is diagonally left and below D.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 I and N are parallel, and I is to the right of N.
2 Y is placed at the lower left of P.
3 The object Y and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
4 S is below V at 7 o'clock.
5 N is below and to the left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	right	1
1 N is on top of T.
2 H is positioned down and to the left of Y.
3 O is sitting at the lower position to Y.
4 M is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
5 T is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
6 N is placed at the lower left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 P and E are parallel, and P is over E.
3 A is directly above I.
4 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to A.
5 Z is above and to the left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 K is on the right and J is on the left.
2 U and J are side by side with U on the top and J at the bottom.
3 H is at J's 3 o'clock.
4 The object Q is positioned directly above the object U.
5 Object V is below object B and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	right	1
1 A is over there and J is on the left.
2 R is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
3 N and Y are parallel, and N is under Y.
4 H and L are both there with the object H is to the right of object L.
5 E is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
6 A and R are side by side with A to the left and R to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 E is to the right of G horizontally.
2 W and U are parallel, and W is over U.
3 G is directly above X.
4 R is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 C presents lower left to R.
6 C is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face C.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Y is positioned right to V.
2 S and C are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
3 V presents left to C.
4 L is on the right and H is on the left.
5 V is diagonally left and below A.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 C is above and to the left of D.
2 Q is on the right and B is on the left.
3 U presents upper left to W.
4 G is placed at the bottom of E.
5 E is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
6 C is placed on the top of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	right	1
1 Object W is below object S and to the right of it, too.
2 W and K are horizontal and W is to the left of K.
3 B and S are both there with the object B is to the right of object S.
4 T is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 K is on the left side of and below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 R presents left to F.
2 T and U are next to each other with U at the bottom T on the top.
3 W is positioned below U and to the left.
4 D is directly north west of U.
5 J is placed at the bottom of T.
6 X is directly above D.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	above	1
1 The objects V and H are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 D is positioned left to A.
3 V is placed at the upper right of A.
4 Q is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 A is sitting at the lower right position to X.
6 D is directly south east of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Y is over B.
2 L is placed in the left direction of J.
3 D is directly north east of B.
4 S and B are parallel, and S is to the right of B.
5 X is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	right	1
1 U is below H at 4 o'clock.
2 M is positioned down and to the left of N.
3 Z is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 N presents right to I.
5 U is to the top of I vertically.
6 U is directly south east of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	left	1
1 U is placed at the upper left of L.
2 Q is placed on the top of D.
3 If J is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
4 J is to the upper left of X.
5 U is at the bottom of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	right	1
1 N is above and to the right of C.
2 E is directly below D.
3 T and O are side by side with T to the right and O to the left.
4 N is placed at the upper left of E.
5 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 S presents lower left to Q.
2 Z is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
3 N is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
4 Y is positioned above V and to the right.
5 I is at the bottom and S is on the top.
6 I is lower right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 W and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
2 A is directly above K.
3 A is at R’s 9 o'clock.
4 S is at M's 6 o'clock.
5 I is sitting at the upper right position to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 C is there and U is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 A is positioned below V and to the right.
3 A is at R's 12 o'clock.
4 E is to the right of R horizontally.
5 L is over there and F is directly below it.
6 F is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	left	1
1 B is on the right side and top of J.
2 The object S is positioned directly above the object N.
3 J is on the lower right of W.
4 B is above G at 10 o'clock.
5 B is directly north east of S.
6 Y is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 D is south west of E.
3 Y is at the bottom of H.
4 Q is placed on the top of E.
5 E is positioned below F.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 Z is to the right of X.
2 The objects N and X are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
3 M is over there and A is on the right.
4 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
5 J is placed at the upper right of K.
6 A is to the right of Z horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 W and V are side by side with W to the left and V to the right.
2 Z and W are parallel, and Z is on top of W.
3 C is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
4 W is to the bottom-left of T.
5 M is below Z and to the left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	left	1
1 Object F is below object U and to the left of it, too.
2 Z is to the upper left of N.
3 The objects M and K are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
4 N is sitting at the lower left position to P.
5 N is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
2 T is at the bottom of H vertically.
3 Q is on the left side and above N.
4 D and H are parallel, and D is to the right of H.
5 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 A is above Z.
2 Z is directly north west of T.
3 B is to the right of N.
4 V is placed at the upper left of Z.
5 V is below and to the right of S.
6 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
2 D is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
3 W is at G’s 9 o'clock.
4 The objects O and H are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
5 The object H is positioned directly below the object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 K is directly below L.
2 V is over there with J below.
3 X is placed at the lower left of I.
4 I is below B at 4 o'clock.
5 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 K is positioned left to Q.
3 R is on the right side and top of Z.
4 S is positioned above and to the left of R.
5 Z is below and to the left of F.
6 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	below	1
1 U is to the top-right of Q.
2 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
3 O is above V and to the left of V.
4 P is to the right of O.
5 B is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the left and Z is on the right.
2 E is lower right of M.
3 T is positioned above and to the left of Z.
4 V is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
5 T is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
6 V is sitting in the right direction of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 B is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
4 V is on the lower left of C.
5 O is at the lower side of H.
6 S is over there and O is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	above	1
1 W is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 N is directly north west of Q.
3 W and Q are both there with the object W is to the right of object Q.
4 D presents upper right to I.
5 H is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 Q and T are both there with the object Q is to the right of object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Z and P are next to each other with Z on the top and P at the bottom.
2 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
3 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
4 B is below V.
5 T is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	left	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
2 The object B and Y are there. The object Y is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 Y is above H and to the right of H.
4 N is below P at 4 o'clock.
5 T is to the bottom-left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 B and V are parallel, and B on the left of V.
2 B presents lower left to G.
3 G is directly south east of C.
4 S is sitting in the left direction of W.
5 If R is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
2 F is on the left side of and below X.
3 F is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
4 K is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 Y is on the lower right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 U and Q are side by side with U to the right and Q to the left.
2 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
3 U is directly south east of E.
4 Q is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 K is at the bottom of E vertically.
6 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	below	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
2 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
3 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
4 K and Y are parallel, and Y is below K.
5 Y is directly south west of P.
6 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 U is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
2 P is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 D is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
4 K is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
5 P is over there and B is on the left of it.
6 P is diagonally right and above G.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 B is positioned down and to the left of E.
3 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
4 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
5 S is above E at 2 o'clock.
6 B is on the left and V is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 L and H are parallel, and L is to the left of H.
2 B and O are parallel, and B is to the left of O.
3 C is positioned in the front right corner of J.
4 J and L are side by side with L at the bottom and J on the top.
5 Y presents lower right to H.
6 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object L and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 If E is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
3 P is to the top-right of Q.
4 The objects H and P are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
5 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
2 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 O is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
5 B is placed at the bottom of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	right	1
1 P is on the top side to Y.
2 O is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 D is on the top and P is at the bottom.
4 O is positioned down and to the left of E.
5 D is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
6 M is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 B and R are both there with the object B is to the right of object R.
2 S is below D at 4 o'clock.
3 C is placed at the lower left of D.
4 S is directly north east of U.
5 If Y is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	above	1
1 K is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 J is on the lower right of P.
3 The object W is positioned directly above the object J.
4 Object R is above object J and to the left of it, too.
5 U is sitting at the lower left position to T.
6 K is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 X is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 P is directly north east of L.
4 D is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 V is sitting at the lower position to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
2 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
3 The object C is positioned directly above the object M.
4 S is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
5 X is over there with I above.
6 W is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	above	1
1 A is positioned below U and to the right.
2 The object N is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
3 V is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 X and N are next to each other with N on the right and X on the left.
5 U and P are both there with the object P below the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	right	1
1 K is at J's 12 o'clock.
2 N is below R and to the right of R.
3 R is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 D is north east of R.
5 D presents left to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 X and O are next to each other with O at the bottom X on the top.
2 O is directly south east of E.
3 P and Y are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
4 X is directly north west of Y.
5 W is above O and to the left of O.
6 U is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Q is upper left of I.
2 The object F and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 M is positioned above O.
4 D presents left to J.
5 D and I are parallel, and D is under I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 K is above and to the left of N.
2 G is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 J is diagonally to the upper left of N.
4 J is below U.
5 M and K are parallel, and M is to the left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object R is positioned directly above the object K.
2 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 W and Y are parallel, and W on the right of Y.
4 W presents upper right to J.
5 H is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
6 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Y is above U.
2 Y is to the upper left of S.
3 The objects D and A are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
4 H is over there and O is on the right of it.
5 U and H are both there with the object H below the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	below	1
1 I is over there with P above.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
3 K is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
4 E and X are both there with the object E is to the right of object X.
5 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
6 Q is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the bottom left of Q.
2 O is below Z at 4 o'clock.
3 Z is diagonally below U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 U is under H.
5 C and R are horizontal and C is to the right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 K is positioned up and to the right of J.
3 M and I are parallel, and I is below M.
4 S and X are next to each other with S on the left and X on the right.
5 X is upper left of I.
6 L is under S.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	below	1
1 E is on the right side to T.
2 The object E and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 I is over there and O is on the right.
4 M is directly north east of R.
5 N is positioned in the front right corner of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 N is over there and K is on the left.
2 N presents lower left to Y.
3 Y presents over R.
4 J is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 W is over there and V is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	left	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 W is above X at 10 o'clock.
3 Object O is below object R and to the right of it, too.
4 E and G are parallel, and E is on top of G.
5 J is on the left and R is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 O is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Z is positioned above and to the left of H.
3 K is positioned up and to the right of C.
4 K and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
5 S is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The object Z and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
3 A is upper right to T.
4 Z is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
5 N and A are in a vertical line with N on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	above	1
1 G is to the top of F vertically.
2 O is sitting at the upper left position to W.
3 G is on the right side and top of W.
4 X is sitting at the lower position to D.
5 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
6 O is sitting at the lower position to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	right	1
1 P is below Z and to the left of Z.
2 E is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Z is at the lower side of V.
4 V and E are parallel, and V is over E.
5 H is to the top-right of L.
6 Z is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 D is upper right to U.
2 X is south west of J.
3 I is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 The objects F and X are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
5 X is over there with R above.
6 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally right and above X.
2 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 The object H and I are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
4 P and W are horizontal and P is to the right of W.
5 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
6 H is at the bottom of Q vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
2 I is at A's 6 o'clock.
3 D presents upper left to K.
4 W is to the top right of Z.
5 E is below A and to the left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 E is above V with a small gap between them.
2 D is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 V is north east of J.
4 J is sitting at the lower position to Z.
5 N is over there and S is directly above it.
6 T is on the top and V is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 The objects T and P are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 M is over there and X is on the top of it.
3 J and Y are vertical and J is above Y.
4 J is to the top of M vertically.
5 V is positioned below X.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 F is above Z and to the left of Z.
2 W is south west of Z.
3 W is north west of J.
4 O is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 F is directly below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the upper right position to O.
2 V is diagonally right and below B.
3 The object A and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
4 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
5 G and B are parallel, and G is to the right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 R and M are side by side with R to the right and M to the left.
2 B is upper left of Y.
3 Y is over there and E is on the left of it.
4 Y is placed in the left direction of I.
5 I is positioned above M and to the left.
6 A is under K.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 O and B are horizontal and O is to the right of B.
2 P presents left to Q.
3 F presents below O.
4 P is on the upper right of B.
5 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
2 Y is north west of N.
3 U is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 The object A is positioned directly above the object X.
5 U is to the top right of O.
6 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 K is to the bottom right of N.
2 K and Q are horizontal and K is to the right of Q.
3 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
4 Q is sitting in the right direction of E.
5 Object Z is above object J and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	left	1
1 A is placed at the upper left of N.
2 N and B are both there with the object N is to the left of object B.
3 Object B is below object K and to the right of it, too.
4 X is below A at 7 o'clock.
5 I is placed at the lower left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	right	1
1 E is lower left to I.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
3 E and F are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
4 A is directly north east of F.
5 P is positioned above I and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
2 V is diagonally right and below M.
3 M is on the left side and above I.
4 I is placed on the top of J.
5 G is above U with a small gap between them.
6 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	above	1
1 G is directly north east of P.
2 The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 F is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
4 V is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
5 P and T are both there with the object P above the object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	below	1
1 E is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 G is positioned above O and to the left.
3 F is sitting at the lower left position to O.
4 S and M are both there with the object M below the object S.
5 S is to the right of F.
6 B is over there and S is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	above	1
1 D is directly above J.
2 T is below P and to the left of P.
3 L is positioned up and to the right of Q.
4 T is over there and S is directly above it.
5 S is on the upper right of Q.
6 G is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 L presents lower right to U.
2 U is to the right of Q.
3 R presents upper right to W.
4 H is above E at 2 o'clock.
5 W is on the right side to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object V.
2 I presents right to R.
3 O is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
4 O and I are both there with the object O above the object I.
5 V is positioned down and to the left of J.
6 P is placed at the lower right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 S is above G and to the right of G.
2 W is to the top-left of S.
3 L is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 V is on the right and K is on the left.
5 L and G are parallel, and L is on top of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 S is lower left to Z.
2 X is positioned above and to the left of L.
3 X is upper left of C.
4 L is sitting at the upper right position to D.
5 F is below and to the left of X.
6 E is over there with D below.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	below	1
1 G presents below R.
2 G is diagonally left and below H.
3 H is at M’s 9 o'clock.
4 V and E are vertical and V is below E.
5 H is to the right of I horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 H and V are next to each other with V on the right and H on the left.
2 X is diagonally to the upper right of U.
3 Object A is above object C and to the left of it, too.
4 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
5 O and H are both there with the object O is to the right of object H.
6 U is south west of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 G is below and to the left of X.
2 H is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 V is to the top of C vertically.
4 H is over there and N is on the right of it.
5 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
6 H is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	right	1
1 Z and T are next to each other with T at the bottom Z on the top.
2 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
3 N is to the upper left of Z.
4 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
5 V is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 F is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of N.
2 H and Y are vertical and H is above Y.
3 X is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
4 E is positioned above N and to the left.
5 N is over there and R is on the left of it.
6 C is to the bottom right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
2 B is above S and to the right of S.
3 G is to the top of B vertically.
4 V is to the top-right of S.
5 D is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Z presents lower right to E.
2 U is below C and to the left of C.
3 C is lower left to E.
4 C and D are parallel, and C is to the left of D.
5 A is over there and B is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	right	1
1 T is lower left to D.
2 A and J are parallel, and A is under J.
3 A is above and to the right of Y.
4 L is sitting in the left direction of U.
5 L is on the left and J is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	above	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
2 G is sitting at the lower left position to K.
3 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
4 W is diagonally to the upper left of D.
5 G is south west of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	right	1
1 R is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
2 B presents lower left to Z.
3 Z is at the lower side of M.
4 B and U are both there with the object B is to the right of object U.
5 Z and K are vertical and Z is above K.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 V is to the top-left of L.
3 L is south east of Y.
4 C is north west of Y.
5 L is above U and to the left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 I is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 K is above X at 2 o'clock.
3 I is at the bottom of B.
4 K is over there and L is directly above it.
5 If V is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
6 H and X are vertical and H is above X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
2 A is on the right side to F.
3 G is directly south east of C.
4 T and U are next to each other with T on the left and U on the right.
5 F is at the bottom of C.
6 A is under N.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	right	1
1 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
2 If J is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
3 S and I are horizontal and S is to the left of I.
4 Y is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 J is north west of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 B is to the left of Z.
2 M is to the bottom left of B.
3 P is diagonally right and below I.
4 K presents right to B.
5 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object C.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 X and Y are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
3 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to M.
4 X is diagonally right and below J.
5 Y presents lower right to W.
6 S is below Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
2 H and E are horizontal and H is to the right of E.
3 K is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 V is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
5 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
6 K and H are vertical and K is below H.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 V is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 D is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
3 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
4 X is on the left side to Y.
5 The object Y is positioned directly below the object D.
6 Q and F are in a vertical line with F below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	below	1
1 C is to the bottom-right of X.
2 I is on the left side to C.
3 A is on top of I.
4 X is upper left of O.
5 O is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 S and T are next to each other with T on the right and S on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 W is placed at the bottom of F.
2 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
3 C is south east of V.
4 W is above P and to the right of P.
5 J is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	below	1
1 N is on the lower right of C.
2 U is positioned up and to the right of C.
3 N is positioned above H and to the right.
4 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
5 A is over there and N is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 X is above and to the right of Y.
2 P is directly below W.
3 K is to the bottom left of X.
4 C is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
5 X is positioned in the top left corner of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	above	1
1 X is to the upper left of U.
2 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
3 X is over there and R is on the right of it.
4 Q presents upper left to W.
5 N is under A.
6 W is at Y's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 G is over there with O below.
2 G is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 G and I are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
4 O is positioned above C and to the right.
5 Y and B are both there with the object Y above the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 G is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
3 If G is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
4 P and S are parallel, and P is to the left of S.
5 N is sitting in the right direction of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned down and to the left of K.
2 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
3 Q is directly above J.
4 K and Q are horizontal and K is to the right of Q.
5 P and J are both there with the object P is to the right of object J.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 L and A are parallel, and L is over A.
2 F is placed at the lower right of T.
3 B is at D's 12 o'clock.
4 F is diagonally to the upper right of U.
5 I is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face I.
6 D is diagonally to the upper right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 G and P are both there with the object P below the object G.
2 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
3 B and P are next to each other with P on the right and B on the left.
4 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
5 U and L are side by side with U to the left and L to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 B is directly below N.
2 Object G is below object K and to the right of it, too.
3 Z is positioned left to B.
4 H is positioned left to Z.
5 Q is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
6 B is above and to the left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	below	1
1 U is positioned above B and to the left.
2 M is sitting at the lower left position to W.
3 F is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
4 C is north west of P.
5 U is above W and to the right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	left	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of H.
2 W is placed at the bottom of K.
3 M is below L at 4 o'clock.
4 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
5 T is below L with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 D presents upper left to V.
2 V is sitting at the upper right position to C.
3 S is to the bottom left of V.
4 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
5 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 W is on the top and H is at the bottom.
2 A is placed in the right direction of L.
3 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object S.
4 If O is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
5 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
6 A is below D at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned up and to the right of U.
2 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
3 The object E and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
4 W is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 B and Y are both there with the object B is to the right of object Y.
6 B presents upper right to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
3 A and G are both there with the object A is to the right of object G.
4 S is sitting at the top position to G.
5 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	right	1
1 T is above and to the left of X.
2 E presents lower left to M.
3 U is below A.
4 M is positioned above X and to the right.
5 O is below E and to the right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 D is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 U is positioned in the front right corner of L.
3 U is above and to the right of T.
4 S is to the upper left of C.
5 T is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the right and L is on the left.
2 M and X are side by side with X at the bottom and M on the top.
3 M is positioned above O and to the right.
4 I is positioned up and to the right of M.
5 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
6 X is above B at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	above	1
1 A is below and to the right of T.
2 Q is positioned in the front right corner of I.
3 Q is above P.
4 T is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 Z is over there and Q is on the left of it.
6 X is above K at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	right	1
1 P is below and to the right of Q.
2 B is to the left of M.
3 I is directly north west of Q.
4 P is lower right of U.
5 I is below L and to the left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
2 S is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
3 K is below E.
4 D is at A’s 9 o'clock.
5 Z is upper right to A.
6 Z is diagonally above G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	left	1
1 Y is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Y is positioned above B and to the left.
3 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object D.
4 X is over there and N is directly above it.
5 S is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 R is on the right side and top of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 M and X are side by side with M to the right and X to the left.
2 M and S are both there with the object M is to the right of object S.
3 A is positioned above M and to the right.
4 J is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 U is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	above	1
1 O is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
2 K presents upper right to O.
3 O is positioned right to I.
4 O and Y are vertical and O is below Y.
5 L is at the bottom and X is on the top.
6 Q is sitting at the top position to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 C is placed on the top of W.
2 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
3 R is directly south east of A.
4 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
5 C and X are both there with the object X below the object C.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 J is upper right to G.
2 The objects W and X are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 H is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
4 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
5 G is above and to the right of Y.
6 D presents left to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I is below R and to the left of R.
2 U and S are both there with the object U above the object S.
3 H is to the top-left of U.
4 V is positioned above and to the left of H.
5 G is to the upper left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
2 G is to the bottom right of B.
3 S is above Y at 10 o'clock.
4 H presents upper right to O.
5 H is lower left to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 V is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
2 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
3 Object R is below object W and to the left of it, too.
4 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
5 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	right	1
1 G is above D.
2 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
3 H is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 F is to the right of P horizontally.
5 F is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 J presents right to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	right	1
1 O is positioned below and to the right of D.
2 The object L and D are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 The object X is positioned directly above the object J.
4 O is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 T is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 S is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 K is sitting at the lower left position to H.
3 W is placed on the top of S.
4 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
5 T is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	right	1
1 N and C are side by side with N to the right and C to the left.
2 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
3 If R is the center of a clock face, U is located between 2 and 3.
4 M is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 C is over there and Q is on the left.
6 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the upper right position to V.
2 I is to the right of D.
3 D and V are side by side with D to the left and V to the right.
4 E is placed at the upper right of F.
5 The object R and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	below	1
1 V is over there and D is on the right.
2 I and T are parallel, and I is over T.
3 S is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 T and C are parallel, and T is to the left of C.
5 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 F and R are both there with the object R below the object F.
2 A and H are parallel, and A is over H.
3 B is on top of G.
4 G is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 R is over T.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	below	1
1 V is lower left to B.
2 M is placed at the upper right of L.
3 S is to the top of L vertically.
4 L is over Y.
5 O is below S at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	left	1
1 W is above S and to the left of S.
2 W is over there and Z is directly below it.
3 U is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 K is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 Z is above K and to the right of K.
6 M presents right to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	right	1
1 B is positioned above and to the left of K.
2 E is diagonally to the upper right of D.
3 R is at the bottom and D is on the top.
4 If E is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
5 Y is positioned in the top left corner of M.
6 I is to the bottom right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	above	1
1 N is directly south west of E.
2 I is positioned below P and to the left.
3 Z is positioned below N and to the left.
4 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
5 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Y is positioned above O and to the right.
2 Y is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 I is directly north west of W.
4 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
5 Q and O are side by side with Q to the left and O to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 R is lower right of K.
2 R is to the top-right of M.
3 W and K are next to each other with W on the left and K on the right.
4 The objects Q and B are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
5 M is on the top side to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	below	1
1 J is under O.
2 H and K are side by side with H to the left and K to the right.
3 O presents upper right to A.
4 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
5 C is positioned right to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	left	1
1 B and I are in a vertical line with B on top.
2 The object A and U are there. The object A is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 A is on the top side to K.
4 U and O are parallel, and U is under O.
5 O is on the left and F is on the right.
6 G is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 B is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
3 N presents below O.
4 W is on the same vertical plane directly below A.
5 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
6 The object Y is positioned directly below the object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Y is below V and to the left of V.
2 V and N are parallel, and V on the right of N.
3 L is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
4 S and V are parallel, and S is to the left of V.
5 K is there and C is at the 2 position of a clock face K.
6 N and L are side by side with N to the right and L to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 N is above S with a small gap between them.
2 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
3 U is to the top-right of T.
4 B is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
5 The objects T and H are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
6 X presents lower right to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	above	1
1 Z is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
2 J is under U.
3 B is positioned in the front right corner of J.
4 T is to the left of B.
5 B and L are parallel, and B on the right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	right	1
1 T is to the left of H horizontally.
2 X and O are vertical and X is below O.
3 E and X are side by side with E to the left and X to the right.
4 B is over there and R is on the right.
5 E and R are side by side with E to the right and R to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 K and T are next to each other with T on the right and K on the left.
2 A is to the upper left of J.
3 N is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
4 T is placed at the upper left of R.
5 K and N are both there with the object N below the object K.
6 G is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 A and M are side by side with A on the top and M at the bottom.
2 G and C are parallel, and G is on top of C.
3 The object A is positioned directly below the object P.
4 P is at L's 12 o'clock.
5 L is placed on the top of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	above	1
1 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
2 A is on the left side to U.
3 G presents over Y.
4 O is sitting at the lower left position to S.
5 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
6 O is to the top-right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 E and C are vertical and E is above C.
2 K is above and to the right of C.
3 K is to the left of N.
4 Q is to the bottom-left of L.
5 K is over there and S is on the right.
6 E is diagonally to the upper left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Y is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 N is south west of V.
3 B is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 B is to the left of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 G is north west of C.
6 B is over there and W is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 A is positioned below J.
2 M is positioned in the front right corner of B.
3 G is placed at the lower right of P.
4 T is over there and J is on the right of it.
5 O and A are horizontal and O is to the left of A.
6 J is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 P and W are side by side with P to the left and W to the right.
2 Y is at the lower side of B.
3 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
4 F is below Y at 7 o'clock.
5 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 A is at the bottom and S is on the top.
2 X is north east of I.
3 R is upper right to L.
4 S is below and to the right of I.
5 H is to the bottom-left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	below	1
1 J presents right to A.
2 Q is on the top of L and is on the same vertical plane.
3 J presents lower right to B.
4 N is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 Q presents over B.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 J and X are parallel, and J is over X.
2 F is lower right of M.
3 Y and G are parallel, and Y on the left of G.
4 N is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
5 M is below and to the left of Z.
6 M presents upper left to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 E is there and O is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 H is to the right of E horizontally.
3 S is positioned below O and to the left.
4 C is sitting in the left direction of Y.
5 H is on the left side to J.
6 M is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	right	1
1 B is on the right and H is on the left.
2 P is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 E is to the top of O vertically.
4 B is on the lower left of K.
5 P is sitting at the upper right position to O.
6 L is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	left	1
1 D is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 T is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
3 T is above M and to the right of M.
4 A is on the top side to X.
5 X is upper right to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	right	1
1 Z and C are in a vertical line with C below Z.
2 Z is positioned below N.
3 Z and E are side by side with E at the bottom and Z on the top.
4 Y is below G.
5 D is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 N is to the top-left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to F.
2 T and Q are in a vertical line with T on top.
3 C is positioned above A and to the right.
4 T and J are vertical and T is below J.
5 Z is to the bottom-right of M.
6 F is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 U is at V's 12 o'clock.
2 M is at the bottom of G vertically.
3 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
4 U presents upper right to G.
5 V is diagonally left and above V.
6 R is over there and M is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Z and G are vertical and Z is above G.
2 V is directly above H.
3 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
4 G and L are parallel, and G is on top of L.
5 O and R are horizontal and O is to the right of R.
6 G is below O.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	below	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
2 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
3 L is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
4 L is to the right of O horizontally.
5 X presents upper right to U.
6 H is at L's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 B is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
2 U is above S with a small gap between them.
3 M is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
4 D is positioned in the front right corner of F.
5 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
6 B and U are parallel, and B on the right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	left	1
1 F is on the top side to K.
2 P is lower left to F.
3 S presents right to P.
4 X is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
5 H is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
2 C is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
3 Z is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
5 P and Y are next to each other with P on the left and Y on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Q and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
2 Y is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
3 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
4 B presents right to N.
5 X is on the top side to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	right	1
1 R is to the top right of Q.
2 The object B is positioned directly above the object R.
3 P is upper left of A.
4 D is positioned above R and to the left.
5 H is to the upper left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	below	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
2 L is to the right of S horizontally.
3 H is diagonally above S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 E is positioned below W.
5 S is positioned below C and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	left	1
1 O is placed on the top of M.
2 G is over there and A is on the left.
3 E is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 G is to the right of O.
5 Q is below and to the right of S.
6 E is above A and to the left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	right	1
1 I and T are parallel, and I is under T.
2 Z is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 W is above T.
4 P and R are side by side with P to the right and R to the left.
5 If T is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the left and V is on the right.
2 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
3 R and W are side by side with R on the top and W at the bottom.
4 T presents lower right to R.
5 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
6 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	right	1
1 V is on the right and T is on the left.
2 S is at A's 6 o'clock.
3 R is to the top-right of Y.
4 Z and V are next to each other with Z on the left and V on the right.
5 Z is on the top and A is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 V presents below J.
2 L presents left to Q.
3 I is over there with J above.
4 Z is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
5 Y and V are side by side with Y to the left and V to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	right	1
1 O is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 T is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 The objects C and K are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
4 Y and C are parallel, and Y is under C.
5 K is on the upper right of Z.
6 A is to the right of S horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 A is above H with a small gap between them.
2 A and C are both there with the object C below the object A.
3 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
4 The object Y and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
5 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
6 V is positioned above L and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned left to B.
2 G is on the top and M is at the bottom.
3 V is placed at the bottom of C.
4 A and L are in a vertical line with L below A.
5 B is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 The object G and C are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	below	1
1 J presents below H.
2 P is over there and J is on the right.
3 J is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
4 S is above N at 10 o'clock.
5 O is on top of G.
6 If H is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 F and H are horizontal and F is to the left of H.
2 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
3 H is below N at 7 o'clock.
4 Z is placed in the left direction of F.
5 P and D are horizontal and P is to the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Q is placed at the lower left of M.
2 K is to the left of U horizontally.
3 W is positioned above P and to the left.
4 The object S and M are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
5 P is over there with R above.
6 Q and P are next to each other with Q on the left and P on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
2 O is to the bottom-right of A.
3 K and N are side by side with K on the top and N at the bottom.
4 T is below Z at 4 o'clock.
5 A is above and to the right of L.
6 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	below	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
2 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
3 Q is positioned below Y and to the left.
4 V is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 V is directly south west of B.
6 V and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	right	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to V.
2 X is on the left side of and below B.
3 Q is on the right side and below V.
4 U is below V.
5 U is north east of Z.
6 Q is under H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the top-left of M.
2 J is at Y's 6 o'clock.
3 X is on the left side and above H.
4 F is south west of Y.
5 O and H are parallel, and O is under H.
6 J is to the top-left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 X and S are in a vertical line with S below X.
2 D presents right to H.
3 C is north east of D.
4 V is above and to the left of H.
5 W and V are side by side with W to the left and V to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 The objects B and N are over there. The object B is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 V and O are horizontal and V is to the right of O.
3 E is over T.
4 W is at the bottom and V is on the top.
5 T is lower right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 C is south east of G.
2 L and C are parallel, and L is under C.
3 Y is positioned below Z and to the left.
4 Y is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
5 P is at the lower side of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Q and H are both there with the object Q is to the left of object H.
2 If P is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
3 N is below and to the right of H.
4 M is at N's 6 o'clock.
5 N is above G and to the left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	right	1
1 T is over there and C is directly below it.
2 The objects B and N are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 T and J are side by side with J at the bottom and T on the top.
4 G is positioned right to D.
5 If C is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 Z is above and to the right of B.
2 J is diagonally right and above A.
3 T is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 B presents right to A.
5 V is positioned above J and to the left.
6 S is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object Q and V are there. The object V is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 T and Y are vertical and T is above Y.
3 P is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 B is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 K is directly north west of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The object V and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 X is on the upper right of L.
3 P is directly north west of L.
4 B and A are side by side with B to the right and A to the left.
5 L is directly north east of G.
6 A is over there and G is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned down and to the left of H.
2 Z is directly north west of W.
3 H is placed in the right direction of A.
4 The objects U and E are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
5 W is below P at 4 o'clock.
6 Y is on top of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object E and Y are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 T is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
3 W is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
4 O is directly north west of L.
5 X is to the left of W.
6 Y and L are parallel, and Y is to the right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 S and C are parallel, and S is under C.
2 D and J are both there with the object D above the object J.
3 J and G are parallel, and J is to the right of G.
4 J is on the top side to P.
5 Q is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 Q is sitting at the top position to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	below	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper right of O.
2 E and R are parallel, and E is on top of R.
3 I is on the top and L is at the bottom.
4 E is on the right side and below C.
5 B and O are horizontal and B is to the right of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 E is over there with O above.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 J is below F at 4 o'clock.
4 D is positioned above V.
5 F is on the upper right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The objects G and Z are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 L is on the top side to X.
3 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
4 X is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
5 Z is directly above W.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Q is above B with a small gap between them.
2 Y is to the top-right of E.
3 W is below A.
4 E is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
5 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
6 A and O are vertical and A is above O.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
2 B is above G.
3 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
4 J is placed at the bottom of X.
5 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
6 Z is positioned right to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 D is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 J is placed at the lower left of M.
3 Z and T are parallel, and Z is to the left of T.
4 Q is above X at 2 o'clock.
5 T and D are next to each other with T on the left and D on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
2 X is on the lower left of N.
3 X is below S at 4 o'clock.
4 F is on the right side to B.
5 H is directly below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 W is below and to the right of A.
2 H and I are next to each other with I on the right and H on the left.
3 W and B are parallel, and W is over B.
4 X is above R at 10 o'clock.
5 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	above	1
1 T is positioned below K.
2 K is positioned in the lower right corner of X.
3 K is to the right of G.
4 Z is on the right side and below P.
5 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
2 N is above E and to the left of E.
3 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
4 L and P are next to each other with P on the right and L on the left.
5 H is to the bottom right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	above	1
1 V is south east of T.
2 B is to the left of T horizontally.
3 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
4 I is on the left side to R.
5 A and V are both there with the object A is to the left of object V.
6 S is at D's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	left	1
1 L is at the bottom of S.
2 Z is to the bottom right of M.
3 I is positioned above A and to the left.
4 S is to the top right of T.
5 F is positioned below M and to the right.
6 M is on the top and T is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 W is below X with a small gap between them.
2 B is positioned below U and to the left.
3 W is directly south west of O.
4 K is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
5 U is sitting at the lower right position to X.
6 C is on the top side to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	left	1
1 O is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 F is positioned left to A.
3 N and C are parallel, and N is to the right of C.
4 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
5 N is at the bottom and V is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
2 Q is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 W is diagonally above D to the right at a 45 degree.
4 D is lower right of P.
5 U is over there and D is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	above	1
1 E is diagonally right and above I.
2 K and J are side by side with K to the right and J to the left.
3 Z is sitting at the lower left position to K.
4 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
5 J and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and J on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 I is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
3 D is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
4 U is on the top side to I.
5 Q is to the upper left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 P is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
3 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
4 T is directly north east of E.
5 E is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper left position to U.
2 H is placed at the lower right of B.
3 Z is on top of B.
4 H is over there and G is on the top of it.
5 K is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 G is diagonally right and below L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper right of M.
2 F is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
3 The objects V and H are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
4 J is on the right side to W.
5 V is sitting at the upper left position to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of G.
2 I is on the right side and top of C.
3 M is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
4 F and V are vertical and F is below V.
5 M is above and to the left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the top right of M.
2 E is to the top right of J.
3 D and Z are in a vertical line with D on top.
4 E and Z are horizontal and E is to the left of Z.
5 Z is south east of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally left and below Y.
2 G is on the right side and below N.
3 H is directly above L.
4 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
5 T is below Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
2 B is on the same vertical plane directly above N.
3 X is sitting at the lower right position to B.
4 E is south west of X.
5 R and B are next to each other with B on the right and R on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the bottom-left of O.
2 X is north east of F.
3 A is to the top-right of X.
4 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
5 Object Q is below object D and to the right of it, too.
6 I is placed in the right direction of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 B is sitting at the top position to Q.
4 K presents lower left to L.
5 G is above K at 2 o'clock.
6 R and L are in a vertical line with L below R.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 Q is positioned below G and to the left.
2 T and U are horizontal and T is to the right of U.
3 W is below Q and to the left of Q.
4 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
5 Q and U are vertical and Q is below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	above	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 T is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
3 Z and K are in a vertical line with Z on top.
4 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to I.
5 T is sitting in the left direction of R.
6 K is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	below	1
1 X is at the lower side of W.
2 F is over there and P is on the right of it.
3 E and W are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
4 R presents below L.
5 E is lower left to Z.
6 Z is sitting in the right direction of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	right	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper left position to C.
2 H and L are horizontal and H is to the right of L.
3 L is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 C is sitting at the upper left position to F.
5 T is over there and C is on the top of it.
6 The object N and B are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 U is below F and to the right of F.
3 Y and A are in a vertical line with A below Y.
4 The object U is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
5 V is diagonally to the upper right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	above	1
1 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 E is below and to the right of H.
3 K is north east of I.
4 E is positioned above and to the left of Y.
5 I is on the left side and above H.
6 If G is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of M.
2 M is diagonally left and below F.
3 U is lower right of D.
4 U is positioned up and to the right of K.
5 Y and G are parallel, and Y is to the right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 E is directly north east of L.
2 Q is above E and to the left of E.
3 C is positioned in the top left corner of B.
4 Q is directly below F.
5 F is on the left side to C.
6 A is north east of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 N is above and to the left of O.
2 H is above A and to the left of A.
3 P is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 The objects F and M are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
5 P is south west of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 M is at the bottom of Z vertically.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
3 C and M are parallel, and C is under M.
4 Z is below and to the right of Y.
5 T is directly south east of B.
6 Z is on the top side to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M is diagonally left and below T.
2 F is sitting at the lower right position to T.
3 F is positioned below A and to the left.
4 V is on the left side of and below G.
5 J is directly above F.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at G's 12 o'clock.
2 B is below and to the right of V.
3 V is on the right side and below G.
4 Z presents upper right to J.
5 W is below R and to the right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there and Q is on the right of it.
2 G is on the left side of and below O.
3 G is positioned below Q and to the right.
4 O and A are parallel, and O on the left of A.
5 O and K are parallel, and O on the right of K.
6 R is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to B.
2 O is below M at 4 o'clock.
3 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to R.
4 F is at the bottom and N is on the top.
5 U is positioned below R and to the left.
6 D is above and to the right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	below	1
1 V is over there with Y below.
2 V is positioned below D and to the left.
3 P is to the top of Z vertically.
4 I is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
5 D is positioned in the front right corner of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	below	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
2 M presents lower left to I.
3 D is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 Z is on top of P.
5 L is below S and to the right of S.
6 L and I are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 E is diagonally to the upper left of F.
3 F is below Q at 4 o'clock.
4 N is on the right and T is on the left.
5 E is to the top-left of R.
6 E is on the right side to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 H and J are parallel, and H on the right of J.
2 Y is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
3 N is positioned down and to the left of Y.
4 Y is above Q and to the right of Q.
5 D and K are next to each other with D on the left and K on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	left	1
1 T and G are parallel, and T is under G.
2 D is over there and H is on the left of it.
3 R is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 C is positioned above S and to the right.
5 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	right	1
1 X is on the upper right of W.
2 C and X are both there with the object C is to the right of object X.
3 A is sitting at the lower left position to X.
4 T and X are both there with the object T above the object X.
5 A is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 R is north west of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	below	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
2 C is at E's 12 o'clock.
3 C is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 P presents over N.
5 C and G are both there with the object C above the object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M is over there and N is on the left.
2 C is above L.
3 O is sitting at the upper left position to M.
4 K is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
5 X is sitting at the lower position to D.
6 C is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	below	1
1 X is on the left side of and below Q.
2 T is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 C is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
4 Q is above M with a small gap between them.
5 X is sitting at the lower position to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there and M is on the left of it.
2 E and D are in a vertical line with E on top.
3 K is diagonally right and below E.
4 K is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
5 W is diagonally right and below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is to the upper left of U.
2 S is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
3 F is placed at the bottom of U.
4 B and D are next to each other with D at the bottom B on the top.
5 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
6 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	above	1
1 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
2 A presents below L.
3 A is on the right side and top of R.
4 R is above X and to the right of X.
5 J is under P.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 U is lower right of H.
2 T and D are side by side with T on the top and D at the bottom.
3 If Z is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
4 Q is on the left side to T.
5 C is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
6 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	left	1
1 W is south east of D.
2 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
3 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
4 I is positioned down and to the left of V.
5 Y is on the lower right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally left and below K.
2 D is positioned above A.
3 F and K are parallel, and F is to the left of K.
4 C is sitting at the lower right position to K.
5 U is over there and J is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
3 X and H are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
4 L is positioned down and to the left of I.
5 J is over there and C is on the right of it.
6 I and A are both there with the object I is to the left of object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Y and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
2 T is above K at 10 o'clock.
3 T is under C.
4 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
5 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
6 Y is positioned above T and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 O is directly north west of B.
2 T and D are both there with the object T is to the left of object D.
3 O is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 D is on the left and V is on the right.
5 J is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 H and O are both there with the object O below the object H.
3 N is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 O and R are both there with the object O is to the left of object R.
5 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
6 D is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and F is on the right of it.
2 U is to the top-left of M.
3 D is directly above L.
4 The object Y and L are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
5 Y is above F and to the right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
2 P and J are both there with the object P is to the right of object J.
3 B is placed at the upper left of Y.
4 W is below and to the right of J.
5 M is positioned above W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Y presents lower left to C.
2 M is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
3 C is below and to the right of S.
4 P is south west of S.
5 C is sitting at the top position to I.
6 N and Y are both there with the object N is to the right of object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Z presents lower left to Q.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
3 W is placed at the lower right of A.
4 K is diagonally above G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 I is positioned above H.
6 K is placed in the right direction of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	above	1
1 R is over there and W is directly above it.
2 V is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 I is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 R is sitting at the upper left position to S.
5 R is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 S is positioned in the top left corner of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
2 E is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
3 T and P are in a vertical line with P below T.
4 O is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face O.
5 O is above and to the left of I.
6 O is positioned above and to the left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	left	1
1 T and M are next to each other with M at the bottom T on the top.
2 Q is under K.
3 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
4 Z presents upper left to E.
5 T is below D.
6 U is above D and to the left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	below	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 U is on the right and F is on the left.
3 C and U are horizontal and C is to the left of U.
4 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
5 D is positioned above U.
6 E is to the bottom-right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	left	1
1 P is south east of S.
2 A and P are next to each other with P at the bottom A on the top.
3 S presents lower left to Y.
4 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
5 O is on top of A.
6 V is below and to the left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	above	1
1 H is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 P is directly south west of X.
3 P is above K and to the right of K.
4 Y is placed on the top of N.
5 X is placed in the right direction of M.
6 T is positioned in the front right corner of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the right of K.
2 F and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
3 Y is to the top right of O.
4 K is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
5 K and W are next to each other with W at the bottom K on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	left	1
1 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 I is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 K is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 R is over there with Q above.
5 B is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
4 T is positioned left to V.
5 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
6 D is below and to the right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the lower right of T.
2 K is on the left side of and below Q.
3 D is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
4 K is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 E is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 Q is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 F is over there and Q is directly above it.
2 B is directly south east of Q.
3 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
4 J is placed at the upper left of S.
5 B is to the right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 S is above and to the left of Z.
2 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
3 D is directly above K.
4 The object J is positioned directly above the object U.
5 P and U are horizontal and P is to the left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
2 J is directly north east of M.
3 M is above F and to the left of F.
4 H and M are parallel, and H on the left of M.
5 E is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
2 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
3 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
4 Z is sitting at the lower position to O.
5 X is on the left side of and below N.
6 N is diagonally right and below O.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 M is at the bottom and G is on the top.
2 G is on the upper right of R.
3 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
4 K presents right to N.
5 M is on the lower right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	below	1
1 Q is over there with Z above.
2 M is to the top of Z vertically.
3 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
4 P and Z are parallel, and P is to the left of Z.
5 If P is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	above	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 S is to the left of Q horizontally.
3 N is above K at 2 o'clock.
4 P is placed in the right direction of H.
5 K is over there and P is on the right of it.
6 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 P is placed at the upper left of H.
2 I is to the top-right of Y.
3 V is below I and to the right of I.
4 V is on the left side of and below S.
5 N and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and N on the left.
6 Object V is below object D and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	left	1
1 T is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
2 T is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
3 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
4 X and M are both there with the object X above the object M.
5 I is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 W is below H and to the left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of U.
2 F is on the right side and top of E.
3 C is diagonally right and above U.
4 F is below U.
5 A is north east of N.
6 G is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the left side of and below E.
2 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
3 I and U are next to each other with U at the bottom I on the top.
4 U and S are next to each other with S at the bottom U on the top.
5 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 W is placed in the left direction of A.
2 X and R are next to each other with X on the left and R on the right.
3 A is to the bottom right of Z.
4 F is to the upper left of W.
5 T is above Z and to the right of Z.
6 F is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 F is at T's 12 o'clock.
2 A is over there and V is on the right.
3 Y is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 T is to the right of V horizontally.
5 A is placed at the upper right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	right	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper left of D.
2 I is at K's 12 o'clock.
3 K is to the bottom left of M.
4 I is on the left side of and below E.
5 E is on the lower left of R.
6 L is over there and M is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	left	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
2 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
3 M is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
4 K is on the left and J is on the right.
5 H is over there and K is on the right.
6 F is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 E is above D at 10 o'clock.
3 Q and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
4 Y is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
5 D is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned in the top left corner of V.
2 F and G are next to each other with F on the left and G on the right.
3 V is sitting in the right direction of P.
4 V is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 N is positioned below and to the right of I.
6 T is positioned above P and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 C is at the lower side of N.
3 If A is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
4 M and E are parallel, and E is below M.
5 B is on the left and F is on the right.
6 O is lower left to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	above	1
1 N is above X and to the left of X.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
3 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
4 Y is above D at 2 o'clock.
5 O and Y are in a vertical line with O on top.
6 E and O are both there with the object E is to the right of object O.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 G and T are in a vertical line with G on top.
2 Q presents below U.
3 S is over there and H is on the right of it.
4 J is on the left side to Z.
5 T is over there and Z is on the left.
6 T is to the bottom right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower right position to E.
2 N is upper right to D.
3 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
4 N is over there and M is on the right.
5 E is on the right side and below A.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
2 Y and T are side by side with Y on the top and T at the bottom.
3 The object S is positioned directly below the object F.
4 A is south east of Q.
5 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
6 Z is sitting in the right direction of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 N is over there and K is directly above it.
3 U and N are parallel, and U is under N.
4 U is over there with W above.
5 Q is positioned below J and to the right.
6 D is positioned left to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the left of H.
2 H is north west of D.
3 F is over there and H is directly below it.
4 C is at Y's 12 o'clock.
5 J is placed at the upper left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	left	1
1 V is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
2 G and H are in a vertical line with H below G.
3 Y and X are next to each other with X on the right and Y on the left.
4 S is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 If E is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
6 V is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	right	1
1 W and C are vertical and W is below C.
2 U is to the left of T.
3 U is placed at the lower right of M.
4 S is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
5 U is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	left	1
1 The objects Q and N are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
3 T is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
4 U is positioned down and to the left of Q.
5 Q is diagonally right and above Y.
6 P presents lower left to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 Q presents lower right to U.
2 Q is directly north east of L.
3 K and Q are parallel, and K on the left of Q.
4 B is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
5 X is on the right side and below W.
6 U is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 C is over there and J is on the right.
2 C is over there and K is on the left.
3 L is on the left and X is on the right.
4 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object P.
5 B and Q are both there with the object B is to the left of object Q.
6 K is above L with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
2 V is on the right side and below K.
3 L is positioned above W and to the left.
4 Q is below F and to the left of F.
5 P is positioned above Q and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 W is north west of Y.
2 T is diagonally right and above Z.
3 V and W are parallel, and V on the right of W.
4 I and Y are vertical and I is above Y.
5 E is over there and W is on the right of it.
6 V is on top of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	below	1
1 G is positioned in the front right corner of A.
2 L is on the right side and top of A.
3 R is over there with H above.
4 Q and Z are in a vertical line with Z below Q.
5 G is on the top and H is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 M and B are both there with the object M is to the left of object B.
2 F is sitting in the right direction of E.
3 W is positioned below P and to the right.
4 V is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
5 K is positioned below and to the right of F.
6 E is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the lower left of U.
2 N is over there and T is on the left of it.
3 X is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 D is to the right of X horizontally.
5 D is below N at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	left	1
1 S is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, E is located between 4 and 5.
3 E presents upper right to J.
4 K and Q are vertical and K is below Q.
5 G is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
6 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 K is placed at the upper left of A.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
3 The objects Z and F are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
4 F is diagonally right and above K.
5 Y is positioned above D and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 P and F are in a vertical line with P on top.
2 J is positioned above H.
3 N is over there and W is directly below it.
4 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
5 K is lower left to H.
6 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	above	1
1 T is positioned left to F.
2 C is to the top of L vertically.
3 T and M are parallel, and T is on top of M.
4 S is to the left of C.
5 T is on top of C.
6 N is on the top side to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	below	1
1 Y is at K's 3 o'clock.
2 E is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 T is over there and X is directly below it.
4 K is at W’s 9 o'clock.
5 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object W.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned below W.
2 A is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
3 G is over there and N is on the left.
4 Q and A are next to each other with A at the bottom Q on the top.
5 U is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 S presents lower left to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	below	1
1 Z is above C and to the left of C.
2 C and H are parallel, and C is over H.
3 R is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 The object W and J are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
5 H is under B.
6 C and W are both there with the object W below the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	above	1
1 H is above F and to the right of F.
2 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
3 F is to the upper left of V.
4 T is to the bottom-left of U.
5 M is positioned below R and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to C.
2 The object B and X are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 The object K and B are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
4 S is placed in the right direction of X.
5 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the top right of A.
2 V is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
3 E is to the left of A.
4 F is placed in the left direction of A.
5 I is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	right	1
1 I and V are parallel, and I is to the left of V.
2 W is below S and to the right of S.
3 V and S are parallel, and V is to the left of S.
4 C is over there with X above.
5 I is sitting at the upper left position to M.
6 V is positioned up and to the right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
2 G is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 B is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
4 X is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 G is to the right of D.
6 D is over there and A is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	left	1
1 M and E are parallel, and M is to the right of E.
2 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
3 S is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
4 L is south east of T.
5 M and D are parallel, and M is under D.
6 L is to the left of E horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
2 Y and I are both there with the object Y is to the right of object I.
3 J is above and to the left of H.
4 W is positioned above L and to the left.
5 D is on the same vertical plane directly above L.
6 M is positioned in the top left corner of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 S is placed at the lower right of M.
2 V is on the lower left of Z.
3 T and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and T on the top.
4 R is on the lower left of B.
5 Z and M are parallel, and Z on the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 M and O are parallel, and M on the left of O.
2 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
3 S is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 M is to the top right of W.
5 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the left side of and below F.
2 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
3 Q and O are side by side with Q on the top and O at the bottom.
4 T is directly south west of V.
5 K is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
6 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	above	1
1 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
2 Q is positioned below R and to the right.
3 D is below M.
4 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
5 X and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and X on the left.
6 X is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 R is to the bottom right of G.
3 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 I and V are both there with the object V below the object I.
5 S is below and to the right of R.
6 V is below G at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
2 D is positioned below L.
3 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
4 L is under T.
5 I and L are next to each other with L on the right and I on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	below	1
1 A is positioned in the front right corner of D.
2 N is on top of D.
3 E is diagonally left and above E.
4 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
5 U presents right to E.
6 C is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 W is on the top side to M.
2 B is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
3 C is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
4 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
5 V is at the bottom and R is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
2 P presents below V.
3 The object L is positioned directly above the object B.
4 F is at T's 6 o'clock.
5 V is below D with a small gap between them.
6 A and L are next to each other with L on the right and A on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
3 K and W are side by side with K on the top and W at the bottom.
4 I and Q are parallel, and I is over Q.
5 B is directly south east of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 R is at the bottom of T vertically.
2 T and F are both there with the object T is to the left of object F.
3 T is placed at the upper right of E.
4 J is to the right of M.
5 R and B are parallel, and R is to the right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	right	1
1 P and U are in a vertical line with P on top.
2 R is positioned above U and to the left.
3 U and V are side by side with U to the left and V to the right.
4 V and X are horizontal and V is to the left of X.
5 N is to the upper left of V.
6 Z is on the left side to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	above	1
1 Z is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 R is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
3 R is directly north east of K.
4 M is over there and L is on the right of it.
5 Z is on the right side and top of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 F is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 D is on the same vertical plane directly above L.
3 F is over there with C above.
4 T is below F and to the left of F.
5 R is over there with O below.
6 F is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	left	1
1 K is to the top right of O.
2 T is diagonally left and below M.
3 The object N and A are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
4 K is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 T is positioned below K.
6 C is placed on the top of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 W is below and to the right of Q.
3 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
4 W is positioned below U and to the left.
5 U is sitting at the lower position to B.
6 D is to the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the bottom right of J.
2 A is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
3 X is at the bottom of U.
4 J is to the upper left of A.
5 J and L are parallel, and J on the right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 K is above D.
2 A presents upper left to Q.
3 G is directly south west of L.
4 Q and R are parallel, and Q is over R.
5 The objects R and K are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 B is below D.
2 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
3 W is below and to the left of Q.
4 B is directly south east of J.
5 W presents lower left to D.
6 N presents below J.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	above	1
1 J and U are parallel, and J is to the right of U.
2 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object W.
3 W is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
4 L is on the left and W is on the right.
5 R is at the bottom of N vertically.
6 P is over there and L is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 L is below and to the right of T.
2 M and T are both there with the object M is to the right of object T.
3 The object M and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
4 X is on the left side of and below E.
5 L and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there with P above.
2 Y is sitting at the lower position to P.
3 The objects S and P are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
4 L is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
5 Y and K are vertical and Y is below K.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	below	1
1 J is north east of B.
2 R is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
3 R is placed at the lower left of N.
4 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
5 J is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 I is directly north west of B.
2 N is positioned down and to the left of B.
3 I presents lower left to O.
4 A is positioned below I and to the right.
5 J is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face J.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally right and above L.
2 E is on the same vertical plane directly above K.
3 T is south east of X.
4 U is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 U is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 J and R are side by side with J to the left and R to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	above	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
2 S is to the bottom-left of Q.
3 U is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
4 I is sitting at the lower right position to Q.
5 If L is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
6 H and D are next to each other with H on the top and D at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	below	1
1 P is placed at the lower left of F.
2 U and E are side by side with U to the left and E to the right.
3 U presents over P.
4 I is over there and H is on the right.
5 J is at the lower side of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	below	1
1 Z is at the bottom of H.
2 S is above D at 2 o'clock.
3 V is north west of S.
4 N and V are parallel, and N is to the right of V.
5 Q is below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 T is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
2 B is over there and O is on the left.
3 T presents right to A.
4 T is on the left side and above X.
5 U is on the left side and above P.
6 V is placed on the top of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there with G below.
2 V is over there and U is on the right.
3 V is on the right and S is on the left.
4 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
5 V and C are both there with the object C below the object V.
6 G is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 L is over there with T below.
3 N is to the bottom-left of Q.
4 Q is to the left of L horizontally.
5 F is positioned below X and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 V is diagonally right and below D.
2 Z is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
3 P is over there and B is on the left.
4 P is placed at the bottom of E.
5 The object P is positioned directly above the object V.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
3 X is sitting at the top position to H.
4 O is positioned below K.
5 V and P are parallel, and V is to the left of P.
6 O is sitting at the top position to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Z is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 M is on the lower left of J.
3 V is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 W and J are next to each other with W on the left and J on the right.
5 X is above and to the left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Q and J are next to each other with J at the bottom Q on the top.
2 H is on the right side and top of Q.
3 O and H are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
4 Q presents over N.
5 P is on the right side and top of M.
6 H is to the right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	above	1
1 D presents over R.
2 R is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
3 E is sitting in the right direction of P.
4 Y is on the left side of and below R.
5 Y is to the top-left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	above	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 F is on the right side and top of L.
3 D is on the right and Y is on the left.
4 A and U are next to each other with A on the top and U at the bottom.
5 A is diagonally right and above L.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 O is diagonally right and above G.
2 Z is to the right of X horizontally.
3 K is at the bottom of X vertically.
4 G is positioned above V.
5 L is positioned below N.
6 G and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally right and above Z.
2 A is to the top-left of C.
3 Z is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 V is at F's 3 o'clock.
5 If E is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	left	1
1 Y is at X’s 9 o'clock.
2 Y is diagonally to the upper right of C.
3 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
4 I and X are parallel, and I on the left of X.
5 I is at W's 3 o'clock.
6 P is to the bottom right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 H and F are next to each other with H on the top and F at the bottom.
2 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
3 M is on the right side and below H.
4 R presents lower left to H.
5 T is on the right side and below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	above	1
1 Object R is below object X and to the right of it, too.
2 B is over there and T is on the left.
3 P is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 R is to the upper left of G.
5 R is on the left and T is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object F and S are there. The object S is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 N is diagonally left and below F.
4 F is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 X is to the upper left of N.
6 Z is above and to the left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there and D is on the right of it.
2 N presents lower right to D.
3 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
4 N and T are horizontal and N is to the right of T.
5 R is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 L and I are horizontal and L is to the right of I.
2 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
3 V is at X's 6 o'clock.
4 C and V are vertical and C is above V.
5 H is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	right	1
1 P and E are next to each other with P on the left and E on the right.
2 U is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
3 Z is diagonally right and above M.
4 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
5 U is upper right to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 Q is upper left of I.
2 R presents upper right to H.
3 A is to the upper left of D.
4 H is diagonally right and above F.
5 A is south east of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the upper left of J.
2 Object Z is below object F and to the left of it, too.
3 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
4 If L is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
5 H is on the left and V is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	above	1
1 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to R.
2 Y is positioned left to I.
3 C is to the upper left of U.
4 R is at C’s 9 o'clock.
5 Q is above C and to the right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	left	1
1 T and L are parallel, and T is over L.
2 V is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Y and N are both there with the object Y above the object N.
4 M is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
5 J presents upper left to F.
6 L and N are side by side with L to the left and N to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L presents upper right to Q.
2 T is to the right of E horizontally.
3 Y is positioned in the front right corner of L.
4 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
5 T is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	below	1
1 L is north east of U.
2 X is on the lower left of V.
3 E and I are next to each other with I on the right and E on the left.
4 N and U are parallel, and N is on top of U.
5 X and L are side by side with L at the bottom and X on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 E is below I with a small gap between them.
2 The objects P and R are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 L is at D's 3 o'clock.
4 R is on top of Q.
5 T is at D’s 9 o'clock.
6 D is over there and R is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Z and S are vertical and Z is below S.
2 H is placed at the upper left of A.
3 A and Y are side by side with A on the top and Y at the bottom.
4 T is sitting at the lower position to H.
5 E is to the right of H horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 S and Q are horizontal and S is to the left of Q.
2 P is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 T and S are parallel, and T on the left of S.
4 V is to the left of T horizontally.
5 G is on the top side to V.
6 V is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	right	1
1 V is over there and R is on the top of it.
2 X is to the bottom-left of I.
3 R is positioned down and to the left of O.
4 D is to the right of R.
5 Z is to the right of R horizontally.
6 Z is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 W is over Y.
2 D and N are side by side with D on the top and N at the bottom.
3 If V is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
4 C is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
5 Y is on the lower left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Object R is above object P and to the left of it, too.
2 H is sitting at the lower position to U.
3 O is upper left of C.
4 R is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
5 O is directly below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	below	1
1 J is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object J.
3 J is over there and G is directly below it.
4 I is south west of Q.
5 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 H and Q are side by side with H on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 O is above G at 2 o'clock.
3 T is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
4 I and O are vertical and I is below O.
5 Q is positioned above I and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 P and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
3 D and H are horizontal and D is to the left of H.
4 Q is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
5 Q is over H.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the left side of and below K.
2 I is to the bottom left of R.
3 L is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
4 V is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
5 K is above L and to the left of L.
6 K is below I with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 C is directly north west of Q.
3 C and N are next to each other with C on the left and N on the right.
4 C is at K's 6 o'clock.
5 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
6 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there with W above.
2 I is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
3 V is placed at the lower left of W.
4 O is above and to the right of W.
5 B is at P's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 M is sitting in the right direction of T.
3 L is diagonally left and above L.
4 T is lower left to V.
5 X presents below T.
6 J is over there and V is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	left	1
1 L and X are parallel, and L is over X.
2 R is placed at the upper left of L.
3 K is on the left side to L.
4 The object E and V are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object V.
5 U is sitting at the upper left position to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	above	1
1 H is below F.
2 E is positioned below U.
3 N and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
4 E is under H.
5 T is below U and to the right of U.
6 T is over there and P is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	below	1
1 I is sitting at the lower right position to H.
2 S is at G’s 9 o'clock.
3 Y presents lower right to Q.
4 H is over there and Q is on the top of it.
5 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the top of A vertically.
2 G and U are both there with the object G is to the right of object U.
3 Q is on the right side to P.
4 P is placed at the lower left of G.
5 L is diagonally to the upper right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	left	1
1 W is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
2 E is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
3 W is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
4 W presents right to Z.
5 Q presents over A.
6 F is directly north east of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 A is above F and to the left of F.
2 P is positioned right to Y.
3 K is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 N is to the left of K horizontally.
5 P is sitting in the right direction of A.
6 S presents left to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned above and to the left of O.
2 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
3 L presents right to X.
4 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
5 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
6 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
2 The object J is positioned directly above the object X.
3 A is on the right side and below B.
4 J is positioned in the front right corner of F.
5 N and Z are in a vertical line with Z below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	below	1
1 Q is placed at the bottom of O.
2 S is below D at 7 o'clock.
3 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
4 Z is on the right side to A.
5 A is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
6 E is placed in the right direction of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Y is positioned below F and to the left.
2 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
3 F is below O at 4 o'clock.
4 F is below and to the left of J.
5 R is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	above	1
1 B is lower right of M.
2 T is to the right of E.
3 N is on the right side to K.
4 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
5 K is to the bottom right of P.
6 K is on the right side to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	left	1
1 A is at I’s 9 o'clock.
2 I is on the right side to F.
3 V presents lower left to I.
4 The objects A and X are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
5 Z is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 I is over there and X is on the top of it.
2 W is directly south west of A.
3 A is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
4 Q is south east of V.
5 W and X are parallel, and W is over X.
6 Y and W are side by side with Y to the left and W to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 W is on the left side of and below B.
3 Object L is above object A and to the left of it, too.
4 B is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 M is above K and to the left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 X is over B.
2 Z and V are parallel, and Z on the left of V.
3 M is below R at 7 o'clock.
4 F and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
5 X is above R and to the left of R.
6 I is at the lower side of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
2 O is directly south west of K.
3 L is diagonally left and above L.
4 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
5 Object K is below object C and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 H is above and to the right of L.
3 V is to the right of B horizontally.
4 Q presents right to M.
5 W is to the left of L.
6 V is above L with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	left	1
1 X is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 A is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
3 G is to the left of J horizontally.
4 O is to the left of C.
5 F is over there and A is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 W is placed at the upper left of O.
2 W is to the right of B.
3 U is over there and Y is on the right.
4 B presents left to K.
5 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
6 J is on the right side and top of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
2 Object Q is below object W and to the right of it, too.
3 M is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 A is sitting in the left direction of O.
5 O is above W.
6 B is to the upper left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 G is below S and to the right of S.
2 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
3 S is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
4 G is over there and B is on the right of it.
5 R is over there and X is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 H is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
3 V is to the upper left of P.
4 W is above U.
5 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	below	1
1 T is below S and to the left of S.
2 T is sitting at the upper left position to O.
3 U is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face U.
4 I is placed at the bottom of M.
5 S and H are in a vertical line with S on top.
6 F is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
2 K is at M's 3 o'clock.
3 R is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
4 Z is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
5 G is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
6 H is below M and to the right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the left and U is on the right.
2 Object U is below object L and to the right of it, too.
3 P is over there and F is on the right of it.
4 S is at the bottom and P is on the top.
5 T is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
6 The object Q and L are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	right	1
1 K and X are side by side with K to the left and X to the right.
2 R and N are parallel, and R is on top of N.
3 R is positioned down and to the left of X.
4 N is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 If D is the center of a clock face, L is located between 7 and 8.
6 K is at U's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 T is placed on the top of I.
3 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
4 N is directly south east of P.
5 X is diagonally to the upper left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
3 P is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
4 M is on top of Y.
5 C and F are parallel, and C is on top of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting in the right direction of P.
2 E is positioned in the front right corner of W.
3 Y is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
4 J is above E at 10 o'clock.
5 The object J is positioned above and to the left of object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 B and V are horizontal and B is to the left of V.
2 B is at R's 12 o'clock.
3 O is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 A is positioned above V and to the right.
5 C is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 X is south west of U.
3 If D is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
4 L is over there and V is directly below it.
5 Z is to the bottom left of Q.
6 The object D is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 A is on top of H.
2 N and Y are parallel, and Y is below N.
3 H is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 If Y is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
5 If G is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
6 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned in the front right corner of A.
2 G is on the left side of and below A.
3 K is below P at 7 o'clock.
4 I is under D.
5 H is positioned below G and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 Y and K are parallel, and Y is to the right of K.
2 M is directly north east of K.
3 L is above V with a small gap between them.
4 H is positioned below Y and to the right.
5 H and X are vertical and H is above X.
6 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 V is placed in the left direction of W.
2 I is below W.
3 J and U are parallel, and J on the left of U.
4 S presents below W.
5 S is below Y with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	above	1
1 V is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
2 L is to the bottom-left of E.
3 V presents lower right to R.
4 E presents over N.
5 R is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
6 S and F are in a vertical line with F below S.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
2 J is above T with a small gap between them.
3 E is sitting at the upper left position to X.
4 L is at E's 3 o'clock.
5 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	above	1
1 J is positioned above O.
2 G presents upper left to J.
3 X is to the left of G horizontally.
4 J is positioned in the top left corner of N.
5 U is placed at the bottom of F.
6 E is on the lower left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 C and W are in a vertical line with C on top.
2 G is positioned below U.
3 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
4 G and R are vertical and G is above R.
5 G is diagonally right and above C.
6 W and P are next to each other with W on the left and P on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 E is above I at 10 o'clock.
2 The object A is positioned directly below the object I.
3 E is below F and to the right of F.
4 H is sitting at the lower position to F.
5 V is on the top side to G.
6 N is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	above	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
2 R is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
4 U is above L with a small gap between them.
5 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 I is directly north east of O.
3 Y is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 E presents upper right to U.
5 L and J are vertical and L is below J.
6 L is positioned above O and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the top right of P.
2 M is at G's 3 o'clock.
3 J is over there and F is on the right.
4 Y is south east of F.
5 Y is diagonally to the upper left of P.
6 U is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the upper left position to W.
2 P is positioned below W and to the right.
3 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
4 I is to the upper left of O.
5 R presents lower left to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 U is at S's 6 o'clock.
2 Y is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 V is positioned up and to the right of J.
4 R is placed in the right direction of F.
5 F is over there and U is directly above it.
6 X is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	below	1
1 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 W and S are parallel, and W on the left of S.
4 S and G are parallel, and S is to the right of G.
5 The objects G and F are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
6 E is positioned above and to the left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 K is directly north east of U.
2 C is directly south east of K.
3 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
4 S and L are vertical and S is above L.
5 Y is on the left side and above X.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	above	1
1 S is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 J is to the top-left of H.
4 G and F are horizontal and G is to the right of F.
5 N is over Q.
6 J is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q presents lower left to R.
2 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
3 Z is to the right of W.
4 O is lower left to M.
5 S is under R.
6 H is on the lower left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there and F is on the left.
2 I is over there and R is directly above it.
3 S is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 The objects W and Z are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
5 E is diagonally right and above S.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there with N below.
2 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
3 W is on the top and H is at the bottom.
4 N is to the bottom-right of D.
5 Object R is above object J and to the left of it, too.
6 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 B is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
3 The objects D and W are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
4 P is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 O is sitting at the upper right position to W.
6 Z is on the right side and top of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the upper left of V.
2 L is diagonally above S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Q is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
4 D is positioned right to Q.
5 S and D are in a vertical line with S on top.
6 B is on the left side and above L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 P and V are parallel, and P is under V.
3 F is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
4 M is to the left of V.
5 H is to the right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	left	1
1 J is diagonally below A to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
3 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to X.
4 E is on the upper right of N.
5 N is at S's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
2 G is below L at 4 o'clock.
3 D is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 G is positioned below X.
5 G and C are parallel, and G is to the left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
2 Z and O are next to each other with Z on the top and O at the bottom.
3 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
4 V and T are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
5 B is positioned below S and to the right.
6 D is north east of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
2 Q and F are in a vertical line with Q on top.
3 J is placed in the left direction of N.
4 The objects U and J are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
5 B is above T and to the left of T.
6 The object J is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	above	1
1 H is positioned below F.
2 L and V are both there with the object L above the object V.
3 C is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
4 C is on top of S.
5 L is to the bottom left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	above	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
2 M is placed at the lower right of T.
3 X is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 U is upper right to T.
5 E is below U and to the right of U.
6 R is below C and to the left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	left	1
1 N is directly north west of G.
2 H is to the left of C horizontally.
3 If X is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
4 G is placed at the lower left of R.
5 The object Q is positioned directly below the object M.
6 X is sitting at the top position to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of L.
2 M is on the top and C is at the bottom.
3 M is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
4 M presents over P.
5 V and C are both there with the object V above the object C.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 E is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Z is sitting at the lower left position to A.
3 J is to the bottom-right of H.
4 If Y is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
5 Z is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
2 N is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
3 X is at the bottom and D is on the top.
4 P is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
5 N is placed at the lower right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 B presents upper left to L.
3 D is on the left side and above V.
4 If P is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
5 P is positioned right to V.
6 O is on the top and J is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 L is at H’s 9 o'clock.
2 Z is over there and X is directly above it.
3 Q is on the lower left of P.
4 P is diagonally right and below E.
5 X is positioned down and to the left of J.
6 E is placed at the bottom of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 M and Q are parallel, and M on the left of Q.
2 S and L are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
3 B and T are parallel, and B is on top of T.
4 Q and T are parallel, and Q is on top of T.
5 H is placed at the lower right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
3 Z is below V.
4 R is at K's 6 o'clock.
5 V is on the right side and below Q.
6 S is positioned above R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	below	1
1 L and Y are parallel, and L is under Y.
2 A is on the upper right of L.
3 A is placed at the upper left of D.
4 K is to the upper left of J.
5 W presents below L.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	right	1
1 A is positioned above M and to the right.
2 Object S is below object H and to the right of it, too.
3 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
4 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object G.
5 B is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 V is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 If Y is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
3 R is placed in the right direction of E.
4 D presents lower right to G.
5 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
6 I is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 S is at L's 6 o'clock.
2 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
3 O is on the right side to I.
4 X is sitting at the lower right position to K.
5 H and S are parallel, and H is to the left of S.
6 N is positioned below X.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 F is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 L is to the bottom-left of C.
3 U is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
4 Q is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
5 X is below E and to the right of E.
6 L is to the bottom right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the top side to Z.
2 B is to the top of D vertically.
3 B is below Z with a small gap between them.
4 Y is below F at 7 o'clock.
5 H is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Q and H are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 Z is at U’s 9 o'clock.
3 If B is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
4 The object I and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
5 F is below and to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 M and W are side by side with M to the left and W to the right.
2 W presents upper right to Z.
3 C is placed at the lower right of V.
4 L is below M at 7 o'clock.
5 V is to the left of W horizontally.
6 B is to the upper left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	below	1
1 M is lower left to J.
2 C is lower left to J.
3 Z is positioned up and to the right of H.
4 C is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 W is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 X is placed at the lower left of M.
3 U and X are vertical and U is above X.
4 W is upper left of C.
5 U is above and to the left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
3 B is south east of L.
4 A is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 C is below Z with a small gap between them.
6 L is on the top side to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	below	1
1 T is placed at the upper right of Y.
2 E is to the upper left of H.
3 N is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
5 L and Q are in a vertical line with Q below L.
6 Y is positioned left to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally left and above S.
2 U is placed in the left direction of Z.
3 Y is directly north west of A.
4 J is over there and Y is on the left.
5 S and V are horizontal and S is to the right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	left	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 W is sitting at the lower position to Y.
3 I and X are horizontal and I is to the left of X.
4 R and V are parallel, and R on the left of V.
5 U is directly north east of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 K is placed at the lower right of S.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
3 M is positioned up and to the right of R.
4 D is to the left of S horizontally.
5 A is directly south east of Z.
6 L presents left to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	left	1
1 F is on the left side to U.
2 J is positioned below G and to the left.
3 Z is below G at 4 o'clock.
4 D is over there and I is directly below it.
5 D is over there and G is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	above	1
1 L is sitting at the lower position to U.
2 S and N are side by side with S on the top and N at the bottom.
3 P is placed in the right direction of C.
4 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
5 Q is directly south west of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	above	1
1 D and R are side by side with D on the top and R at the bottom.
2 O is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
3 S is to the top of D vertically.
4 O is on the right side and below T.
5 If K is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the top and D is at the bottom.
2 A is positioned above D and to the left.
3 M is south west of T.
4 D and H are next to each other with H on the right and D on the left.
5 O is at the lower side of H.
6 Z and H are in a vertical line with Z on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
2 K is at the bottom and N is on the top.
3 D is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
4 Y is placed at the lower right of G.
5 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 B and V are side by side with V at the bottom and B on the top.
2 W is lower left to P.
3 X is to the left of P horizontally.
4 X is to the top-left of B.
5 D is sitting in the left direction of S.
6 Z is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q is diagonally right and below J.
2 X is below and to the right of W.
3 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
4 X and K are vertical and X is above K.
5 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
6 C is at the bottom and X is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	left	1
1 L is positioned in the front right corner of C.
2 F and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
3 B is north west of F.
4 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
5 C is placed in the right direction of N.
6 Y and F are parallel, and Y is to the right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents below C.
2 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
3 The object V and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
4 G is positioned left to H.
5 Q is above H with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 B and G are next to each other with B on the left and G on the right.
2 Q and S are vertical and Q is above S.
3 J is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
4 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
5 G is over there with C above.
6 J is above B with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is at B's 3 o'clock.
2 P is over there and C is on the left of it.
3 V is placed in the left direction of Y.
4 Y is directly north east of B.
5 M is to the top-right of V.
6 Y is placed in the left direction of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the top-right of E.
2 The object N and J are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
3 Z and E are both there with the object Z is to the right of object E.
4 J is over there and E is on the left.
5 Y is to the left of W horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 X is above R at 2 o'clock.
3 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
4 P is to the left of X horizontally.
5 R is on the top and F is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 T and O are both there with the object T is to the right of object O.
2 C is sitting at the lower left position to T.
3 G is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
4 The object W and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object W.
5 O is at Z's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the top-left of A.
2 G and V are side by side with G on the top and V at the bottom.
3 Y presents left to B.
4 I is placed at the upper left of G.
5 B is over I.
6 S is over there and I is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, A is located between 10 and 11.
2 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
3 A is on the left side of and below P.
4 V and A are side by side with V to the left and A to the right.
5 T is at the bottom of W vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	left	1
1 E is on the lower right of H.
2 I is placed in the right direction of H.
3 I is north west of U.
4 G is diagonally left and below J.
5 S is directly south east of F.
6 H is positioned in the top left corner of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 K is sitting at the lower right position to D.
2 C is to the bottom-left of N.
3 N is positioned above and to the left of Y.
4 I is placed on the top of N.
5 The object C is positioned directly below the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	below	1
1 N is positioned left to U.
2 W is above and to the left of U.
3 If U is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
4 S is placed at the bottom of H.
5 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
6 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 The objects H and C are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 S is diagonally right and below Q.
4 Q is below M at 7 o'clock.
5 M is at H’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned above and to the left of Z.
2 The objects N and M are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 D is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 K is to the right of N.
5 G is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
6 I is positioned in the front right corner of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of Z.
2 Object F is above object I and to the left of it, too.
3 N is positioned in the top left corner of A.
4 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
5 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
6 I is directly south east of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	above	1
1 N is to the right of I horizontally.
2 B is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 G is below C and to the right of C.
4 F and B are next to each other with B on the right and F on the left.
5 B is under W.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	below	1
1 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
2 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 Object Q is below object C and to the right of it, too.
4 T is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
5 J and V are horizontal and J is to the left of V.
6 Object T is below object F and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned below E and to the left.
2 N is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
3 The object N is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
4 N is on the top and E is at the bottom.
5 K and E are horizontal and K is to the left of E.
6 C is lower left to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	below	1
1 H is positioned left to X.
2 N is to the top-left of R.
3 A is to the top of T vertically.
4 X is positioned in the top left corner of T.
5 P is sitting at the lower right position to X.
6 P is on the right side to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 R presents upper left to K.
2 I is at Y's 3 o'clock.
3 H is directly south west of Q.
4 I is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 Q is below and to the left of U.
6 O is on the top and U is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
2 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
3 G and P are vertical and G is below P.
4 R is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
5 T is above I and to the left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 B is positioned in the lower right corner of X.
2 D is directly above W.
3 J is above B at 2 o'clock.
4 B is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
5 T is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the top-left of H.
2 If Y is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
3 C is directly below H.
4 C is directly above P.
5 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	below	1
1 R is placed at the bottom of J.
2 E is directly south west of R.
3 S is sitting at the top position to O.
4 R is positioned below P and to the left.
5 D presents over F.
6 P is south east of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the left side and above F.
2 F is on the right and E is on the left.
3 F is below C and to the right of C.
4 F is placed on the top of B.
5 N and U are parallel, and U is below N.
6 Q is to the bottom-right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 L is over there and C is on the left of it.
2 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object L.
3 V is below and to the right of L.
4 D is below and to the left of M.
5 V is diagonally to the upper left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 U is upper left of J.
2 J is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
3 T is directly south west of G.
4 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
5 E is to the upper left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 J is placed in the left direction of W.
2 X presents over P.
3 S and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
4 X is above C at 2 o'clock.
5 C is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 M is south east of O.
2 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
3 The objects D and Y are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
4 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
5 S is on the upper right of X.
6 Y is on the upper right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	above	1
1 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 W is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
3 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
4 E is diagonally to the upper left of H.
5 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
6 D is positioned above Y and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	left	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
2 N is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
3 A and J are next to each other with J on the right and A on the left.
4 O is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 G is sitting at the lower left position to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at V's 12 o'clock.
2 V is north west of I.
3 F is north east of W.
4 V is diagonally right and above Q.
5 E is over there and I is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper right of U.
2 D and H are horizontal and D is to the right of H.
3 R is positioned left to W.
4 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
5 U is placed at the lower right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 S is on the right side and below Q.
2 C is on the left side of and below W.
3 Q is on the right side to T.
4 L and B are side by side with L to the left and B to the right.
5 W is positioned above and to the left of T.
6 V is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the top of Q vertically.
2 H is placed at the upper right of I.
3 Z presents lower left to U.
4 N is positioned below R and to the left.
5 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 M and I are horizontal and M is to the right of I.
3 M and R are parallel, and M is over R.
4 Y is on the right side to D.
5 N is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
6 P is to the top-right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	above	1
1 S is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Z is over there and D is directly above it.
3 H is below S.
4 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
5 F is below and to the right of H.
6 L is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 T is diagonally left and below H.
2 Q is sitting at the lower left position to G.
3 T is placed at the lower left of F.
4 V is sitting in the left direction of Q.
5 J is on the right side to R.
6 Q is over there with F below.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
2 A is on the right side to Z.
3 L is to the top right of P.
4 D presents upper left to K.
5 D is positioned right to P.
6 Q is positioned above K and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	above	1
1 I is on the lower left of C.
2 I is sitting at the lower position to Z.
3 I is diagonally left and above I.
4 M is to the bottom right of Y.
5 I is on top of M.
6 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 A is above Y.
2 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
3 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object X.
4 X is positioned right to Y.
5 J is above A.
6 L is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 S and M are side by side with S to the right and M to the left.
2 D is to the bottom-right of X.
3 A is above and to the left of D.
4 A is sitting at the upper left position to R.
5 If D is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 T is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
2 U is above X and to the left of X.
3 X is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face X.
4 H is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 M presents upper left to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 W presents below D.
2 A is to the upper left of V.
3 X is below D and to the right of D.
4 P and D are parallel, and P is on top of D.
5 W and F are horizontal and W is to the left of F.
6 The object W is positioned directly below the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 N is over there with Q below.
2 J and B are next to each other with B on the right and J on the left.
3 Z is above and to the left of N.
4 B is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 M is above and to the right of O.
6 Z is at S’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	right	1
1 E is diagonally right and above T.
2 D is above M and to the right of M.
3 U is sitting in the left direction of F.
4 D presents left to U.
5 B is to the top-left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
2 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
3 P is diagonally left and above P.
4 Z is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
5 X is positioned below N and to the right.
6 W is on top of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 L is to the top-right of D.
2 L is placed at the lower right of U.
3 U is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 C is placed in the left direction of O.
5 H and U are both there with the object H is to the right of object U.
6 R presents over U.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 O and Z are vertical and O is below Z.
2 O and L are both there with the object O is to the left of object L.
3 The object Z is positioned directly above the object H.
4 P is to the left of K.
5 W is on the right and L is on the left.
6 O and M are vertical and O is below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	above	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 N is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 K is to the bottom left of B.
4 T is placed at the lower left of L.
5 B is directly above W.
6 K is over there and N is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P and N are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 J is positioned in the front right corner of H.
4 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
5 Y presents right to P.
6 H presents upper right to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	left	1
1 N and U are next to each other with N on the left and U on the right.
2 T is above W and to the left of W.
3 U is to the bottom-left of F.
4 U is on the upper right of T.
5 L is placed at the upper left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of S.
2 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
3 G is positioned right to Y.
4 H is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
5 E is placed at the bottom of N.
6 U is positioned above and to the left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 V and K are side by side with V to the left and K to the right.
2 T and K are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
3 H is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 K is positioned up and to the right of P.
5 T and I are in a vertical line with T on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	above	1
1 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 G presents left to T.
3 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
4 P is below and to the left of W.
5 X is to the left of Z.
6 N is upper left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	left	1
1 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 N is positioned below Y and to the left.
3 X and L are parallel, and X on the left of L.
4 N is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
5 C and M are next to each other with M at the bottom C on the top.
6 L is above K at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 K is directly north west of B.
2 C is to the bottom left of J.
3 F is positioned right to O.
4 I is on the left and F is on the right.
5 C is on the right side and below I.
6 H is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object A.
2 V and F are parallel, and V on the left of F.
3 Q and V are side by side with Q to the right and V to the left.
4 Y is there and K is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 A is positioned in the top left corner of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
2 The object O is positioned directly above the object S.
3 Object S is below object W and to the left of it, too.
4 J and W are next to each other with J on the top and W at the bottom.
5 A is to the bottom-right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	below	1
1 T and K are vertical and T is above K.
2 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Z.
3 T and O are side by side with O at the bottom and T on the top.
4 F and I are parallel, and F is to the right of I.
5 D is positioned above and to the left of C.
6 I is positioned below T and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Z is positioned above and to the left of T.
2 The object X and C are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 H is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 N is at the lower side of C.
5 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
6 H is positioned above J and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 M is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
2 A is sitting at the upper left position to J.
3 U is over there and L is directly above it.
4 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
5 X is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 A and T are side by side with A to the right and T to the left.
2 W is placed in the right direction of U.
3 K is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 If T is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
5 I is lower right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	right	1
1 M is at the bottom and N is on the top.
2 V is to the upper left of N.
3 F is positioned in the top left corner of I.
4 M is over there and G is on the right.
5 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object C.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 D is below and to the left of M.
2 W is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 R and P are side by side with R to the left and P to the right.
4 M is positioned below W and to the right.
5 Object E is below object W and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	below	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
2 O is at the bottom of C vertically.
3 If N is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
4 F is diagonally left and below R.
5 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 G and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 N is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 L is over there and O is on the right.
4 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
5 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 G is sitting at the upper left position to I.
2 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
3 A is diagonally right and below Y.
4 V and X are parallel, and V on the left of X.
5 L is lower right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	above	1
1 A is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
2 E is sitting in the right direction of C.
3 R is to the right of A.
4 A is to the upper left of J.
5 Object D is above object J and to the left of it, too.
6 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
2 J and F are vertical and J is below F.
3 X is placed on the top of Y.
4 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
5 F is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
6 W is positioned above X and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
2 The object V and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
4 Y is positioned above A.
5 Y and Z are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 I presents right to E.
3 X presents lower left to G.
4 Y is to the bottom-right of R.
5 Y is to the bottom-left of V.
6 I and S are parallel, and I on the right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	left	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
2 B and O are parallel, and B on the left of O.
3 J is over there with O above.
4 P is over there and B is on the right.
5 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 V and W are in a vertical line with V on top.
2 W is placed in the left direction of M.
3 U is on the right and Z is on the left.
4 A is diagonally right and above W.
5 M is diagonally left and below K.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned up and to the right of Y.
2 The object E is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
3 Y is to the right of K.
4 D is sitting at the lower position to C.
5 V is above E at 10 o'clock.
6 V is diagonally right and above X.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
2 S is over there and H is on the left.
3 A is placed at the upper right of F.
4 M is below and to the right of O.
5 A is over there and V is directly above it.
6 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 G is below E and to the right of E.
2 O and S are both there with the object O above the object S.
3 U and M are parallel, and M is below U.
4 F is sitting in the right direction of G.
5 F and S are in a vertical line with F on top.
6 O is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 H is at M’s 9 o'clock.
2 U is north west of H.
3 F is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
4 The object A is positioned directly above the object P.
5 U and Z are next to each other with U on the top and Z at the bottom.
6 P is at the bottom of Z vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	right	1
1 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
2 W is sitting in the left direction of Z.
3 L is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
4 W is south west of O.
5 Object R is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 X presents lower right to T.
2 Z and F are parallel, and Z is to the right of F.
3 Q and J are side by side with Q to the left and J to the right.
4 Q is directly above H.
5 Z is to the left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	left	1
1 E is north east of X.
2 K is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 X is to the top of L vertically.
4 R is at the lower side of K.
5 L is at the bottom of C vertically.
6 G is at H's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 D is placed at the upper right of O.
2 U and O are next to each other with U on the top and O at the bottom.
3 If I is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
4 V is to the left of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 T is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
6 S is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 E is directly below I.
2 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
3 O is above and to the right of Z.
4 X is north west of V.
5 E and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
6 Z is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 T and Z are both there with the object Z below the object T.
2 M and G are parallel, and G is below M.
3 M is over there and T is on the left.
4 J is sitting at the upper right position to H.
5 I is to the top-right of N.
6 G is placed at the lower left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	left	1
1 F is below M at 4 o'clock.
2 The object K and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
3 N is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 H and A are in a vertical line with A below H.
5 K is on the right side to F.
6 C and S are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 V is on the top side to F.
2 T is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
3 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
4 A is sitting in the right direction of T.
5 M is positioned above B and to the left.
6 R is north west of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	above	1
1 W is positioned up and to the right of H.
2 If M is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
3 W is directly south east of S.
4 E is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 C is placed at the lower right of E.
2 G and P are parallel, and G on the right of P.
3 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
4 C is above G with a small gap between them.
5 Q is below C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 M is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 E is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 D and M are vertical and D is above M.
4 Z is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 V is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 M is above Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
2 W and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
3 K is above L with a small gap between them.
4 X is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
5 L is to the bottom right of X.
6 B is positioned right to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	right	1
1 N and G are horizontal and N is to the left of G.
2 F is below and to the right of V.
3 P and G are in a vertical line with P on top.
4 O is below R.
5 F is placed at the lower left of S.
6 N is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 K presents upper right to S.
2 C is placed at the upper left of H.
3 E and S are vertical and E is below S.
4 H is to the bottom-left of E.
5 L and W are side by side with L to the right and W to the left.
6 R is positioned above E and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 M is on the left side of and below G.
2 M and U are in a horizontal line with U on the right.
3 U presents below N.
4 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
5 C and R are parallel, and C is over R.
6 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	below	1
1 V is to the bottom-left of J.
2 J is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 G and J are parallel, and G is under J.
4 X is at the bottom and I is on the top.
5 Q is on the lower right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the upper right position to L.
2 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 E is lower right of U.
4 U is positioned in the top left corner of V.
5 L is at V’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is directly south west of P.
2 O is positioned in the front right corner of T.
3 F is on the left side of and below Y.
4 The objects A and F are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
5 I and D are parallel, and I is over D.
6 F is over there with P above.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	left	1
1 N is placed on the top of H.
2 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
3 V is below Q with a small gap between them.
4 H and D are parallel, and H is over D.
5 P and T are parallel, and P is under T.
6 N is under B.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	below	1
1 I is below C and to the right of C.
2 O is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 Y is there and O is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 Y is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 N is over there and W is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
2 P presents upper right to Y.
3 S is diagonally to the upper left of M.
4 R is on the lower left of W.
5 Z and M are both there with the object M below the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	above	1
1 F is sitting at the upper left position to T.
2 I and O are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
3 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
4 Object B is below object M and to the left of it, too.
5 M is on the upper right of T.
6 M is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	right	1
1 R is on the top and D is at the bottom.
2 E is over there and A is on the left of it.
3 M is on the upper right of O.
4 Y is on the left side of and below E.
5 W is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
6 Object Y is above object D and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 E is lower right of N.
2 X is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 E is above U at 10 o'clock.
4 F is positioned right to P.
5 P is directly above N.
6 H is on top of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 E is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
3 D and E are both there with the object E below the object D.
4 R is over there and B is directly above it.
5 E is to the left of C.
6 G is positioned above E and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	right	1
1 Q is on the left side to F.
2 L is at E’s 9 o'clock.
3 S is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
4 E is to the bottom right of A.
5 I and A are parallel, and A is below I.
6 Q is positioned below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	above	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 F is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
3 N is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
4 G is to the right of M horizontally.
5 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
6 F and G are parallel, and F is on top of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	right	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of J.
2 F is to the left of A horizontally.
3 A and J are vertical and A is below J.
4 O is above and to the right of H.
5 M is diagonally to the upper right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 B is on the right side and top of V.
3 J is placed at the upper right of H.
4 T is at A's 12 o'clock.
5 B is placed in the right direction of I.
6 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 C is sitting at the lower left position to F.
2 F is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
3 K is at the bottom of S vertically.
4 K is below H and to the left of H.
5 S is to the right of R.
6 E and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the upper left of G.
2 C and Y are horizontal and C is to the right of Y.
3 Z is placed in the left direction of L.
4 X is below and to the left of Y.
5 C presents right to E.
6 H is below C at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 B is directly above I.
2 H is above T and to the right of T.
3 P is south east of H.
4 A is above V.
5 H is on the lower right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Z is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 H is sitting in the right direction of X.
3 Y is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 U is positioned below and to the right of W.
5 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 X and O are next to each other with X on the top and O at the bottom.
2 G and X are parallel, and G is to the left of X.
3 S is above H.
4 I is on the right side to G.
5 F and G are next to each other with F on the top and G at the bottom.
6 X is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 O and D are parallel, and O is on top of D.
3 Z is on the upper right of V.
4 O and X are next to each other with X on the right and O on the left.
5 O and B are parallel, and O is over B.
6 G is south west of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	below	1
1 C is to the upper left of I.
2 N is on the right side and below C.
3 C is sitting at the lower left position to K.
4 K is south east of W.
5 I presents lower right to T.
6 V and L are both there with the object L below the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the upper right of X.
2 U and D are both there with the object U is to the left of object D.
3 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
4 B is at the lower side of Z.
5 U and K are parallel, and U is to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 Y is placed at the upper right of U.
4 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
5 I is directly above D.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
2 Q is over M.
3 V presents upper right to S.
4 D is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
5 The object Z is positioned directly above the object S.
6 U is at the lower side of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	right	1
1 C is positioned down and to the left of B.
2 Object P is above object R and to the left of it, too.
3 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
4 J is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 B is over there and N is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
2 D presents over Q.
3 W is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 S is on the right and F is on the left.
5 D is positioned below A.
6 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 Q and I are in a vertical line with I below Q.
3 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
4 Q is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
5 Q is below and to the left of L.
6 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 R and N are parallel, and R is under N.
2 A is to the bottom right of R.
3 T is over there with E below.
4 R and T are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
5 S and Q are vertical and S is above Q.
6 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	above	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
2 B is placed in the right direction of E.
3 R presents left to O.
4 R is north east of C.
5 Z is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object B.
2 O is over there and W is directly above it.
3 K and N are both there with the object N below the object K.
4 S is to the top of Q vertically.
5 E and K are next to each other with E on the top and K at the bottom.
6 K is on the right side and top of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
3 B is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 K is to the top-left of W.
5 W is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	left	1
1 F presents lower left to Y.
2 O is directly south west of N.
3 L is over there and F is on the left of it.
4 B is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
5 Y is sitting in the right direction of G.
6 N is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned above and to the left of W.
2 B and Z are next to each other with B on the top and Z at the bottom.
3 A is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 O and B are parallel, and O is over B.
5 T is on the right side to O.
6 Z is diagonally right and below I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there and Z is on the right of it.
2 V is placed on the top of O.
3 O is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
5 I and D are horizontal and I is to the right of D.
6 A is positioned below O and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 F presents upper right to Z.
2 F is below U and to the left of U.
3 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
4 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
5 The objects G and E are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
6 The object P is positioned directly below the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
2 D is to the left of K.
3 K is below and to the left of S.
4 I is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
5 K and I are next to each other with I on the right and K on the left.
6 A is above E and to the left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is above Q with a small gap between them.
2 C is at the bottom and X is on the top.
3 I presents over Y.
4 V is above and to the right of Q.
5 U is positioned down and to the left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	below	1
1 Object M is above object U and to the left of it, too.
2 L is above D with a small gap between them.
3 U is placed at the lower left of R.
4 R is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 K is over there and L is on the left.
6 S is over there and T is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The objects Z and Y are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 The objects O and E are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 G is directly north east of P.
4 L is sitting in the left direction of Z.
5 Z is on the right side and below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U and R are both there with the object U above the object R.
2 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object V.
3 R is directly below X.
4 I is sitting at the lower right position to T.
5 U and N are horizontal and U is to the left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	above	1
1 U is below M at 7 o'clock.
2 U and W are side by side with U to the left and W to the right.
3 U is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
4 F and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
5 J is above L.
6 M is positioned below Y and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 F is north west of X.
2 X is on top of P.
3 W is upper right to D.
4 W and P are in a vertical line with W on top.
5 E is placed in the left direction of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	below	1
1 W is to the top-left of O.
2 Y and X are parallel, and X is below Y.
3 A is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 O is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
5 W is at E's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	below	1
1 X is positioned above and to the left of L.
2 L is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
3 H is over there and Y is on the left.
4 Q is placed at the lower right of M.
5 K is to the top-left of Q.
6 W is diagonally left and above W.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 R and D are parallel, and R is on top of D.
2 C and N are in a vertical line with C on top.
3 R is placed at the lower left of N.
4 X and F are next to each other with F at the bottom X on the top.
5 R is to the top-right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
3 I is below X and to the left of X.
4 A is directly south west of V.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
2 C is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
3 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
4 H and S are both there with the object H is to the left of object S.
5 W is to the bottom-left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	right	1
1 R is over there and D is on the right of it.
2 N is at G's 6 o'clock.
3 If U is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
4 Q is under E.
5 U is positioned above G.
6 D is above G with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	above	1
1 M presents lower right to N.
2 H is positioned above and to the left of F.
3 F is sitting at the lower right position to L.
4 H is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 Z presents left to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 M and I are parallel, and M is to the left of I.
2 C is at the bottom of H vertically.
3 K is placed at the upper left of M.
4 G is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
5 Z is sitting at the lower left position to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
2 The object N and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
4 V and P are horizontal and V is to the right of P.
5 X is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 S is at the bottom of J.
2 V presents right to N.
3 J and D are next to each other with D on the right and J on the left.
4 W is at the bottom of X vertically.
5 W and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	above	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 I is to the top right of E.
3 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
4 O is at the lower side of E.
5 M is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 X is placed at the lower left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned below R and to the left.
2 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
3 Z is placed in the left direction of D.
4 I and S are horizontal and I is to the left of S.
5 Q and Y are parallel, and Q is over Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	left	1
1 R is to the top right of D.
2 X and N are next to each other with X on the left and N on the right.
3 G is to the right of N horizontally.
4 P is positioned down and to the left of G.
5 If G is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	below	1
1 K is positioned below and to the right of W.
2 Z presents right to O.
3 U is on the left and M is on the right.
4 M is over there with O above.
5 Z and V are parallel, and Z on the right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 G is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 R is positioned above M.
4 N is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
5 R is positioned above G and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
2 X is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 L is diagonally left and below J.
4 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
5 X is sitting at the top position to P.
6 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	right	1
1 O is on the right side to F.
2 Y is over there and F is on the right.
3 H and X are side by side with H on the top and X at the bottom.
4 C is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
5 F is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 B is over there and C is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	below	1
1 E and Y are parallel, and E is on top of Y.
2 G is over there and I is on the right.
3 E and Q are parallel, and E is on top of Q.
4 W is on top of Z.
5 W is at Q's 12 o'clock.
6 E is diagonally to the upper right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	below	1
1 Q and U are parallel, and Q on the right of U.
2 E is sitting at the lower position to Y.
3 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
4 U and W are both there with the object U is to the right of object W.
5 If F is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the right of K horizontally.
2 E is sitting at the lower position to J.
3 N and W are both there with the object N is to the left of object W.
4 N is to the left of K.
5 N is at J's 12 o'clock.
6 R is upper right to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	left	1
1 K is placed at the bottom of D.
2 O is at B's 6 o'clock.
3 B is sitting at the lower left position to D.
4 W is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 M is below Z.
6 B and H are next to each other with B on the top and H at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 P is above H with a small gap between them.
2 I is to the upper left of P.
3 I is over there and C is directly above it.
4 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
5 Z and E are next to each other with Z on the top and E at the bottom.
6 B and I are parallel, and B is over I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the left and F is on the right.
2 E is to the left of H horizontally.
3 V presents left to H.
4 Object E is below object F and to the right of it, too.
5 If C is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
2 M is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 L is directly north west of H.
4 O and H are next to each other with O on the top and H at the bottom.
5 V is to the left of J horizontally.
6 Z is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Object X is above object S and to the left of it, too.
2 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 F and S are parallel, and F on the right of S.
4 X is over there and H is directly above it.
5 P is below F at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	above	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 The object T is positioned directly above the object M.
3 J and M are parallel, and J is to the right of M.
4 A is below and to the right of H.
5 M is below X with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	right	1
1 D is upper right to T.
2 Y is over there and B is on the top of it.
3 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
4 M presents right to T.
5 M is sitting in the left direction of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 T is diagonally left and below P.
2 U is below and to the left of K.
3 W is at F’s 9 o'clock.
4 I is to the upper left of V.
5 F is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face F.
6 U and V are side by side with U to the right and V to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	left	1
1 C is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
2 V is positioned above C.
3 F and B are vertical and F is above B.
4 V is above F at 10 o'clock.
5 U is under J.
6 The objects A and V are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	above	1
1 T is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 Q is above T with a small gap between them.
3 Q is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 B is positioned above L and to the right.
5 I is to the right of C horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	left	1
1 B and Q are both there with the object Q below the object B.
2 D is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 W is positioned up and to the right of I.
4 M is positioned left to H.
5 Object M is below object O and to the left of it, too.
6 M presents upper right to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to U.
3 X and R are in a vertical line with R below X.
4 X presents over N.
5 R presents upper right to S.
6 V is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 R and G are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
2 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
3 C presents left to A.
4 R is at L's 12 o'clock.
5 C and R are parallel, and C is on top of R.
6 F is below G and to the right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the lower left position to T.
2 A is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 A is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 E is above A and to the right of A.
5 G is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
6 A and W are vertical and A is above W.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the right and R is on the left.
2 V is upper left of B.
3 E and V are parallel, and E is on top of V.
4 Y is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
5 R is below V at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
2 V presents lower left to Q.
3 U is placed on the top of V.
4 Z is on the left side and above J.
5 L is positioned above and to the left of U.
6 The object V and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 K is directly north east of X.
2 S and P are in a vertical line with S on top.
3 X is over there and P is on the left of it.
4 A is sitting at the lower left position to V.
5 B is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The object N is positioned directly below the object G.
2 F is positioned below and to the right of R.
3 The object P is positioned directly below the object N.
4 G is to the left of J horizontally.
5 Object G is below object B and to the left of it, too.
6 P and E are next to each other with E at the bottom P on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	below	1
1 K is to the left of R.
2 N is sitting at the lower left position to M.
3 P is above N at 10 o'clock.
4 V is north east of D.
5 K and P are next to each other with P at the bottom K on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 K is at the bottom and L is on the top.
2 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled C.
3 Q is to the top-right of C.
4 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
5 E is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
6 Object A is above object P and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the right and X is on the left.
2 H presents over M.
3 B is on the upper right of Y.
4 I and H are next to each other with I on the left and H on the right.
5 H is over there and B is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 L is placed at the lower left of P.
2 R and G are horizontal and R is to the left of G.
3 R is at the bottom and D is on the top.
4 G and L are side by side with G on the top and L at the bottom.
5 N is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
6 L is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to Y.
2 X and L are both there with the object L below the object X.
3 H is positioned in the front right corner of I.
4 I is south west of U.
5 I is above and to the right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	below	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to G.
2 N is placed at the upper left of R.
3 The objects N and Z are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
4 N is on the upper right of Y.
5 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
6 W is above B.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	below	1
1 H and S are parallel, and H on the right of S.
2 C and T are next to each other with C on the top and T at the bottom.
3 C is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 T is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 Y presents lower left to V.
6 L and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and L on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	left	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
2 The object E is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
3 T is lower left to X.
4 N is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 G and X are side by side with G to the left and X to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom right of G.
2 O and C are next to each other with C at the bottom O on the top.
3 J and Z are both there with the object J above the object Z.
4 I is positioned above and to the left of Z.
5 J and G are in a vertical line with G below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 A and L are side by side with A to the left and L to the right.
2 N is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 Y is below A at 4 o'clock.
4 Y is south east of R.
5 S is to the bottom right of A.
6 W is above Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned up and to the right of N.
2 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 R is directly above T.
4 E is at the bottom and S is on the top.
5 M is north west of N.
6 M is above J and to the left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 R is to the top-left of L.
2 E is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
3 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
4 G and E are horizontal and G is to the right of E.
5 B is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	right	1
1 Object W is above object L and to the left of it, too.
2 D is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
3 G and Z are parallel, and G is over Z.
4 W is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
5 R is sitting in the left direction of W.
6 R and Z are side by side with R on the top and Z at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 Q is sitting at the lower left position to X.
3 O is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 T is directly south east of X.
5 J is on the top side to T.
6 I and B are in a vertical line with I on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned in the lower right corner of D.
2 Q is directly south west of B.
3 Object F is above object B and to the left of it, too.
4 If Q is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
5 Y is sitting at the lower left position to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Q is above and to the right of D.
2 H is diagonally right and above E.
3 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object S.
4 F is over there and Y is on the right.
5 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the upper left of E.
2 P and J are parallel, and P is to the right of J.
3 S is on the lower left of E.
4 I is over there with Z below.
5 L is to the top-right of E.
6 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	above	1
1 P is positioned below J.
2 P is to the right of C.
3 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
4 V is positioned up and to the right of R.
5 M is placed at the upper left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 I is on the right side to D.
4 S and F are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
5 G is sitting at the lower left position to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	above	1
1 C is directly south east of G.
2 K is on the left and G is on the right.
3 L is at T's 6 o'clock.
4 J is on the right and G is on the left.
5 H is positioned above C and to the right.
6 E is to the top-right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
2 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
4 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
5 B is positioned above and to the left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 N is on top of F.
2 U is below J.
3 E and N are horizontal and E is to the left of N.
4 C and S are parallel, and C is over S.
5 F is diagonally right and below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned above T and to the right.
2 F is above Z at 10 o'clock.
3 Object B is below object X and to the left of it, too.
4 E is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
5 D is positioned up and to the right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	above	1
1 B is sitting at the upper left position to H.
2 V is diagonally right and above T.
3 U and V are vertical and U is above V.
4 L is over there and R is directly above it.
5 B is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
2 V is over there and P is on the right.
3 K is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
4 Object V is below object C and to the left of it, too.
5 C and G are next to each other with C on the left and G on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	above	1
1 G is to the bottom right of N.
2 X is below A at 4 o'clock.
3 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
4 H is on the left side to O.
5 H is on the upper right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	left	1
1 T is diagonally left and above T.
2 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
3 Object A is above object E and to the right of it, too.
4 M is at Y's 6 o'clock.
5 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
6 M is placed at the upper right of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	above	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
2 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
3 C and X are parallel, and C on the right of X.
4 W is positioned below Z and to the left.
5 G presents upper left to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	left	1
1 T is placed at the lower left of I.
2 Z is directly below B.
3 Y is positioned above X and to the left.
4 B is placed in the right direction of X.
5 U is below Y with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	right	1
1 T is above A and to the left of A.
2 N is on the top side to S.
3 N is placed in the left direction of P.
4 X is placed at the upper right of S.
5 J is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	above	1
1 I and P are both there with the object P below the object I.
2 I is over there with A below.
3 O is to the upper left of A.
4 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
5 A is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 J is positioned in the top left corner of N.
2 Z is below J with a small gap between them.
3 W is sitting at the top position to Q.
4 Y and X are next to each other with Y on the top and X at the bottom.
5 Q is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 B is over there and S is directly below it.
3 O is on top of S.
4 B is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 D and J are parallel, and J is below D.
6 If G is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the left of M horizontally.
2 O is above M at 2 o'clock.
3 R is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
4 M is above and to the right of L.
5 G is placed at the upper right of E.
6 R and P are side by side with R to the left and P to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower left position to S.
2 C is at Y's 3 o'clock.
3 I is positioned above and to the left of D.
4 C is to the left of T horizontally.
5 S is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	left	1
1 S is positioned in the front right corner of O.
2 O is to the top-left of X.
3 O is at the bottom of I.
4 W is below and to the right of Z.
5 X is at T's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	below	1
1 R is below Z.
2 H is directly north west of F.
3 E and S are both there with the object E is to the left of object S.
4 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
5 S and F are parallel, and F is below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	above	1
1 Object N is above object I and to the left of it, too.
2 L is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 C is over there with V below.
4 P is placed at the upper right of N.
5 I is positioned above and to the left of O.
6 C and N are parallel, and C on the right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 F and S are vertical and F is below S.
2 C is at V's 3 o'clock.
3 R is over there and S is on the left.
4 F and B are parallel, and F is to the left of B.
5 Q and F are parallel, and Q on the left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	right	1
1 P presents lower left to A.
2 K is placed at the lower right of P.
3 O presents upper right to E.
4 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
5 A is over there and O is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	below	1
1 E is to the left of C.
2 V is directly north west of Q.
3 H and W are parallel, and H is to the right of W.
4 C is south west of V.
5 C is to the upper left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 B is placed in the left direction of M.
2 C is positioned above V and to the left.
3 C is above and to the left of B.
4 B is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 J is over there and N is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Q and M are side by side with Q to the right and M to the left.
2 X is upper left of M.
3 The objects C and Q are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
4 J is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
6 O and L are parallel, and O is under L.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 S is above T.
2 F is sitting at the lower right position to U.
3 B is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
4 If G is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
5 Object G is below object I and to the left of it, too.
6 Z is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 E is positioned below and to the right of N.
3 O is below and to the left of E.
4 T and I are parallel, and T is to the right of I.
5 E is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 U and L are parallel, and U is to the right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 F is at the lower side of W.
2 C is sitting at the upper right position to S.
3 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
4 T is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
5 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 U presents over N.
2 G is above and to the right of V.
3 L is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
4 N is directly north east of G.
5 The object A and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
6 S is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned above N and to the left.
2 U is directly north east of X.
3 U is below P.
4 E is on the left side and above U.
5 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	left	1
1 Y is placed at the upper left of Z.
2 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
3 H is on the left and M is on the right.
4 A and U are horizontal and A is to the right of U.
5 U is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 A is above and to the right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 N is placed at the lower left of A.
2 L is below A and to the right of A.
3 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
4 J is over there with I below.
5 L is lower left to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 E and F are next to each other with F at the bottom E on the top.
2 E is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
4 I is on the left side of and below E.
5 U and H are parallel, and U is to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	left	1
1 J is directly south east of R.
2 Object O is below object G and to the left of it, too.
3 Z is positioned below J and to the right.
4 R is to the upper left of H.
5 I is south west of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the left and V is on the right.
2 B is diagonally to the upper left of W.
3 The object W and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object W.
4 K and S are both there with the object S below the object K.
5 V is sitting at the lower position to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 V is south west of U.
3 X is lower left to W.
4 D presents upper left to W.
5 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the right side and below S.
2 Z and W are both there with the object Z is to the right of object W.
3 R and W are parallel, and R is over W.
4 R is placed in the right direction of K.
5 W is below S at 7 o'clock.
6 F is positioned above and to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	left	1
1 X is upper right to R.
2 V is directly south east of W.
3 X and Y are vertical and X is below Y.
4 X is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	left	1
1 G is positioned in the top left corner of T.
2 M is to the bottom left of F.
3 The object N is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
4 T is over there and O is directly above it.
5 The object T and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
6 Object Q is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object V is positioned directly above the object Q.
2 V is at the bottom and F is on the top.
3 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
4 H is north west of I.
5 R is on the left side of and below V.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 L and E are side by side with L to the right and E to the left.
2 L is to the bottom-right of I.
3 M and I are in a vertical line with I below M.
4 The object U and Z are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object Z.
5 Z is diagonally right and above M.
6 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally left and below M.
2 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
3 V is over there and U is on the top of it.
4 D is sitting at the lower left position to R.
5 A is positioned down and to the left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	right	1
1 I is placed in the left direction of H.
2 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
3 C and U are in a vertical line with U below C.
4 I is at R's 3 o'clock.
5 S is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
6 E and S are parallel, and E is on top of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 T and C are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 J presents left to O.
3 T and O are vertical and T is below O.
4 P is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
5 M is on the left side of and below V.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	right	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
2 Q is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 B is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
4 V is over there and F is directly above it.
5 U is upper left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 G is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 G is over there with L above.
3 L is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 G is on the left side of and below N.
5 The object M is positioned directly below the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 C is above B with a small gap between them.
2 V and C are side by side with C at the bottom and V on the top.
3 V presents over Y.
4 W is placed at the bottom of C.
5 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	above	1
1 F is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 I and D are vertical and I is above D.
3 M is placed at the lower right of X.
4 X presents below C.
5 C is over there and W is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	right	1
1 G is directly south east of L.
2 If M is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
3 Y and N are vertical and Y is above N.
4 Q is above N with a small gap between them.
5 M is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Object N is below object O and to the left of it, too.
2 Z and V are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
3 S is on the right and Z is on the left.
4 N is at Z's 12 o'clock.
5 S is above H and to the left of H.
6 L and D are side by side with L to the right and D to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	left	1
1 P and T are vertical and P is above T.
2 M is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
3 T is to the right of K.
4 A and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
5 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	below	1
1 A is sitting at the lower right position to R.
2 K is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
4 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
5 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
6 K is over there and B is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 I and K are next to each other with I on the top and K at the bottom.
2 Object H is below object I and to the right of it, too.
3 N is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 H is on the left side to B.
5 B and S are parallel, and B is to the right of S.
6 C is above and to the left of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 E is at L's 12 o'clock.
2 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
3 O is to the top right of L.
4 W is positioned below E and to the right.
5 If M is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
6 K is positioned below C and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	below	1
1 L is at C's 3 o'clock.
2 C is above T at 2 o'clock.
3 P is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
4 C is directly south east of H.
5 K is to the bottom-left of S.
6 C is to the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
2 F and Q are parallel, and F on the left of Q.
3 L is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 L and Q are horizontal and L is to the right of Q.
5 X is over there and B is on the right.
6 L is on the right side and top of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 P and F are parallel, and P is under F.
2 U is above S and to the left of S.
3 Z is south east of I.
4 M presents over Z.
5 N is at the bottom of Z.
6 N is sitting in the right direction of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	below	1
1 The objects V and B are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 K and R are horizontal and K is to the left of R.
3 B is positioned below F and to the right.
4 F is diagonally right and above A.
5 D is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned above V and to the right.
2 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
3 K presents left to S.
4 H is on the left and O is on the right.
5 H is on the top side to S.
6 V presents right to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	below	1
1 V is to the upper left of E.
2 G is positioned below O.
3 V is above G with a small gap between them.
4 W is at the lower side of P.
5 G is to the bottom-right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	below	1
1 X is to the top right of Q.
2 X is above B with a small gap between them.
3 X is over there and T is on the left of it.
4 B is above K with a small gap between them.
5 I is over there and A is on the left of it.
6 B and V are vertical and B is above V.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	below	1
1 U is on the lower left of D.
2 U and V are next to each other with V at the bottom U on the top.
3 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
4 U is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
5 Q is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 N is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 V is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 L is to the bottom right of V.
3 V is below G at 7 o'clock.
4 A and G are both there with the object G below the object A.
5 T and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom T on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	above	1
1 Z is directly below W.
2 E is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 W is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 C is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
5 O is upper left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	below	1
1 S and E are horizontal and S is to the left of E.
2 The object R and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 W is directly north east of Z.
4 I and W are next to each other with I on the top and W at the bottom.
5 Y is diagonally to the upper left of W.
6 I is at the bottom of N vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	above	1
1 X is at H's 6 o'clock.
2 Z is positioned above L and to the right.
3 L is under G.
4 I and R are side by side with R at the bottom and I on the top.
5 G is to the top-right of Q.
6 G is under I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the left of T.
2 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
3 F is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 F and Y are in a vertical line with F on top.
5 Y is positioned in the top left corner of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	left	1
1 O is below I at 7 o'clock.
2 V is positioned right to J.
3 L and D are horizontal and L is to the right of D.
4 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
5 D is sitting at the lower right position to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 T is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 G is above O and to the right of O.
3 I is positioned above T and to the left.
4 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
5 T is positioned in the front right corner of O.
6 M is over there and P is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned below X and to the left.
2 W is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
3 H and B are parallel, and H is on top of B.
4 P is over there and G is on the top of it.
5 J presents below X.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned in the top left corner of S.
2 X presents left to K.
3 I is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
4 W is above M with a small gap between them.
5 S is sitting in the left direction of I.
6 N is below S at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	below	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper left of N.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 Z is directly above S.
4 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
5 The object M is positioned directly below the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 P is at A's 6 o'clock.
2 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 U presents left to A.
4 Q is positioned down and to the left of A.
5 M is diagonally right and above F.
6 G is positioned left to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	below	1
1 H is over there and T is on the left.
2 T is positioned down and to the left of D.
3 Z is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
4 H is to the left of X horizontally.
5 A is below T at 7 o'clock.
6 Y and U are side by side with Y to the right and U to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
2 G is on the left side to V.
3 H is above F.
4 G is on the left side of and below F.
5 O is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
6 If G is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
2 I is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
3 Z presents upper right to V.
4 L and I are next to each other with I on the right and L on the left.
5 T and L are horizontal and T is to the right of L.
6 Z is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	right	1
1 C is above and to the right of Q.
2 S is above and to the right of Q.
3 N and A are parallel, and N is under A.
4 C is to the right of G.
5 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
6 V is placed at the upper right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 O is over there with B above.
2 V is below G at 7 o'clock.
3 S is below K and to the left of K.
4 X is placed in the left direction of S.
5 K is to the upper left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 S is above and to the left of K.
2 D is placed at the lower right of L.
3 O is to the upper left of I.
4 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
5 O and L are next to each other with O on the left and L on the right.
6 H presents lower right to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 R is placed at the lower left of C.
2 E is positioned up and to the right of B.
3 B is positioned below and to the right of C.
4 P presents below Z.
5 R is on the left side to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The objects X and H are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 Y is below and to the left of H.
3 F and H are both there with the object F above the object H.
4 O is sitting at the lower position to B.
5 A is positioned below and to the right of N.
6 F is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	below	1
1 I is above J at 10 o'clock.
2 V is at the lower side of X.
3 If X is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
4 R presents lower right to H.
5 E is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	above	1
1 P and V are next to each other with V at the bottom P on the top.
2 S is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
3 Q is on the lower right of V.
4 A and Q are vertical and A is below Q.
5 F and B are next to each other with B at the bottom F on the top.
6 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	left	1
1 X is sitting at the lower position to S.
2 P is placed in the right direction of C.
3 R is on the upper right of S.
4 X is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
5 I is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the lower left of X.
2 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
3 Object C is below object X and to the right of it, too.
4 Object M is below object X and to the left of it, too.
5 R is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 The objects V and T are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 R and N are parallel, and R is on top of N.
3 F is south west of P.
4 D is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
5 F is above V at 10 o'clock.
6 F is over there and E is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 K is sitting at the lower position to G.
2 U and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and U on the top.
3 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
4 Q and B are both there with the object Q is to the right of object B.
5 G presents upper right to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower right position to P.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
3 S is upper right to X.
4 P is on the left side to X.
5 J is at N's 12 o'clock.
6 S and E are side by side with S on the top and E at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the bottom right of U.
2 The object C and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 N is directly above U.
4 N is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
5 G and P are parallel, and G is on top of P.
6 W is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the left side of and below Q.
2 The object B is positioned directly above the object Q.
3 S is above V and to the right of V.
4 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
5 Q is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
2 I presents upper left to K.
3 P and T are side by side with P on the top and T at the bottom.
4 E is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 W presents upper right to B.
6 K is on the right side and below S.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned below and to the right of X.
2 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
3 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
4 B and L are side by side with L at the bottom and B on the top.
5 If W is the center of a clock face, L is located between 7 and 8.
6 X is at the bottom of I vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned down and to the left of C.
2 Q is below and to the left of U.
3 C is at the bottom of Q.
4 Y is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
5 E is positioned in the top left corner of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the right of G.
2 O is diagonally to the bottom left of G.
3 G is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 O is north west of W.
5 If Z is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
6 S and Y are both there with the object S above the object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Q is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 Z is positioned above O and to the right.
3 Q is above K.
4 The object N is positioned directly below the object Q.
5 U is directly north west of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 V and L are both there with the object V is to the left of object L.
2 U is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 A and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
4 If F is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
5 L is positioned in the front right corner of C.
6 F is placed on the top of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	right	1
1 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
2 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
3 B is on the upper right of X.
4 L is directly north east of S.
5 O is on the top and S is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 M is south east of N.
2 O is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
3 Z is positioned in the top left corner of M.
4 C is positioned left to N.
5 I is at the bottom of N vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	below	1
1 E is above P at 2 o'clock.
2 U is at the lower side of A.
3 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
4 Q is south east of M.
5 F is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 H and V are parallel, and H on the left of V.
2 If V is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
3 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object F.
4 L is north west of I.
5 F is on the left side of and below K.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	left	1
1 I presents right to P.
2 M is diagonally below P to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 T is on the right side and top of L.
4 Q and M are horizontal and Q is to the right of M.
5 P is above and to the right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 P is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 P is below T and to the right of T.
3 I is below A at 7 o'clock.
4 P is positioned above H and to the right.
5 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 V is below L and to the right of L.
2 F is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
3 P is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 W is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 If L is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
2 A is to the top-left of K.
3 A is to the upper left of X.
4 O is to the bottom-right of K.
5 K and P are parallel, and P is below K.
6 J is to the top right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the left of C.
2 F is upper left of E.
3 M and O are next to each other with O at the bottom M on the top.
4 K is positioned below C and to the left.
5 L presents left to C.
6 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	left	1
1 W is above U at 2 o'clock.
2 K is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
3 J is sitting at the lower position to E.
4 Q presents lower right to U.
5 F is over there and U is on the right.
6 F is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 G is below and to the right of S.
2 Q is over there and H is on the top of it.
3 Q presents upper right to I.
4 R is positioned up and to the right of O.
5 S is directly below H.
6 G is positioned below V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 N is directly north east of A.
3 L and J are side by side with L to the left and J to the right.
4 S is on the right side and below N.
5 J is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 X is directly below L.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 V is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
2 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
3 Q is positioned in the front right corner of S.
4 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
5 S is on the right side and top of V.
6 M is at the bottom of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object E and to the right of it, too.
2 M and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
3 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
4 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
5 A is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 U is north west of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 E and N are side by side with E to the right and N to the left.
2 A is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 U is diagonally to the upper right of N.
4 F is to the top right of Q.
5 B and A are horizontal and B is to the left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	right	1
1 E is on the right side to P.
2 P is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
3 M is above E with a small gap between them.
4 N is on the right side to Z.
5 Y is directly above H.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 E and R are both there with the object E is to the left of object R.
2 N is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 U is on the left side of and below T.
4 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
5 The object Z and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
6 B is placed in the left direction of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 N and C are parallel, and N is to the left of C.
2 L is on the top and C is at the bottom.
3 V is directly north west of L.
4 B is south west of R.
5 I is positioned below C and to the right.
6 X and N are next to each other with N on the right and X on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	below	1
1 M is above G and to the right of G.
2 S is under M.
3 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object V.
4 P is at S's 3 o'clock.
5 Q is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 G is to the upper left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	left	1
1 Z is placed on the top of W.
2 G is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 N and S are parallel, and N is to the left of S.
4 B is on the lower right of S.
5 B is placed on the top of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 U and L are side by side with U on the top and L at the bottom.
2 The object T and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 N is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
4 T is north west of O.
5 H and J are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
6 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 C is upper right to B.
2 Object I is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
3 J is directly north east of H.
4 K and I are both there with the object I below the object K.
5 C presents left to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
2 D is on the left side to Y.
3 The objects C and G are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
4 W is over J.
5 J is to the right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	right	1
1 N is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 D and A are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
3 The object M is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
4 M is positioned up and to the right of X.
5 F is over there and D is directly below it.
6 V is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	right	1
1 U and J are both there with the object U is to the left of object J.
2 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
3 G is at the bottom of C.
4 The object E is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
5 L is sitting at the lower position to T.
6 The object R is positioned directly below the object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	above	1
1 P is to the upper left of F.
2 B is at P's 6 o'clock.
3 A is positioned up and to the right of C.
4 B presents right to A.
5 D is above V.
6 B is on the right side and below K.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q presents lower left to Y.
2 D and P are parallel, and D is under P.
3 B is over there with Q below.
4 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
5 R is above Y at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 B is placed in the right direction of Q.
3 S is on the right side to F.
4 S is sitting at the upper left position to H.
5 B is at the lower side of U.
6 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	above	1
1 F is diagonally to the bottom right of O.
2 D presents upper left to F.
3 F is placed in the left direction of L.
4 L is above and to the right of W.
5 S is over there with F above.
6 C is below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	right	1
1 E is on the right side and top of M.
2 E is at the lower side of G.
3 T and H are in a vertical line with H below T.
4 M is positioned below T and to the right.
5 C and P are parallel, and C is on top of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
2 H is on the top side to S.
3 Q is positioned up and to the right of K.
4 S and U are both there with the object S is to the right of object U.
5 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the left side to Z.
2 Z is positioned right to V.
3 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
4 Z is below W and to the right of W.
5 G is to the bottom left of L.
6 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	above	1
1 X is at the bottom and P is on the top.
2 L is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 R is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 V presents left to P.
5 P is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
6 A and R are side by side with A to the left and R to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 D is sitting at the top position to T.
2 T is above K and to the left of K.
3 K is south west of B.
4 M is directly above F.
5 K is over there and L is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 H and Q are parallel, and H is on top of Q.
2 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
3 W and U are parallel, and W is over U.
4 L is positioned above and to the left of S.
5 S and H are vertical and S is above H.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	above	1
1 T is south east of P.
2 L is to the bottom-left of M.
3 X is positioned left to Q.
4 G is to the left of X horizontally.
5 T is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	right	1
1 D is above and to the left of O.
2 M is on the upper right of W.
3 F is diagonally right and above M.
4 P is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 R is positioned above and to the left of N.
6 W and D are next to each other with D on the right and W on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
2 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
3 Object F is below object A and to the left of it, too.
4 If U is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
5 F is to the top-left of D.
6 F is below and to the left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 K is above I and to the right of I.
2 M is directly above Y.
3 M is directly south west of T.
4 T is on the right side and below D.
5 T and L are next to each other with T on the top and L at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	above	1
1 U is to the top-right of V.
2 N is positioned below U.
3 D is above Z with a small gap between them.
4 K is above and to the right of I.
5 U is south west of I.
6 I is directly above C.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper right of D.
2 C is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
3 H is above and to the right of D.
4 S is on the same vertical plane directly below A.
5 H is positioned above E and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the lower right of Z.
2 K and H are both there with the object K above the object H.
3 G is positioned below E and to the right.
4 Q and W are in a vertical line with W below Q.
5 W is on the lower left of O.
6 H is placed in the left direction of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	left	1
1 The objects N and G are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 K and G are next to each other with G at the bottom K on the top.
3 U and G are side by side with U to the left and G to the right.
4 K is to the bottom left of P.
5 L and J are next to each other with J on the right and L on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	right	1
1 H is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 B is to the left of P.
3 H is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 Q is over there and X is directly above it.
5 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	left	1
1 F is upper left of D.
2 G is on the right side to F.
3 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
4 N presents lower left to U.
5 J is at M's 3 o'clock.
6 G is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	left	1
1 R is positioned below K and to the left.
2 V is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
3 J is sitting in the right direction of E.
4 Z is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 The object J is positioned above and to the left of object V.
6 W is to the left of V horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	right	1
1 T is positioned up and to the right of P.
2 The object G is positioned directly above the object C.
3 V is above M at 10 o'clock.
4 V is below X with a small gap between them.
5 E presents upper left to T.
6 V is positioned below T and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned above E.
2 Q is below J with a small gap between them.
3 V is above Q at 2 o'clock.
4 T and J are horizontal and T is to the right of J.
5 A is on the top and N is at the bottom.
6 V is directly north west of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 C is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
2 C and R are next to each other with R on the right and C on the left.
3 Z is on the right side and below K.
4 G is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 W and D are parallel, and W on the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	left	1
1 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
2 Y is directly south west of B.
3 Y and F are side by side with Y to the right and F to the left.
4 C is above F at 2 o'clock.
5 V is lower right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 U and Y are in a vertical line with Y below U.
2 The object E and J are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
3 Y is over there and D is on the left.
4 Y and A are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
5 A is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	above	1
1 B is sitting in the left direction of J.
2 K is to the top right of H.
3 S is directly above E.
4 B and H are side by side with B to the left and H to the right.
5 K is at the bottom of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	left	1
1 Z and E are side by side with Z to the left and E to the right.
2 E is directly south east of Y.
3 I is above L and to the left of L.
4 Z is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
5 N is north west of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
2 U is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 V is at the bottom of I vertically.
4 J is to the top of V vertically.
5 I is sitting at the lower position to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 V is placed at the upper right of A.
2 A is below C at 7 o'clock.
3 J and C are next to each other with J on the left and C on the right.
4 W is at the bottom and E is on the top.
5 A presents left to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 N is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 N is sitting at the upper left position to K.
3 H is placed at the bottom of N.
4 S is south east of Q.
5 B is positioned up and to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 S is above A.
2 F is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 A is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
4 A and O are side by side with A on the top and O at the bottom.
5 O is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
6 L and Q are both there with the object Q below the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object O.
2 J and P are side by side with P at the bottom and J on the top.
3 H is to the upper left of O.
4 U and H are vertical and U is above H.
5 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object E.
2 Y is on the left and R is on the right.
3 V is on the upper right of E.
4 Y and S are both there with the object Y is to the left of object S.
5 D and W are parallel, and D on the right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 E is over there with R above.
2 R presents right to B.
3 G is placed on the top of R.
4 H is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 C is diagonally left and above C.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	below	1
1 S is on the upper right of M.
2 S is at the bottom and R is on the top.
3 B is sitting at the upper right position to M.
4 J is positioned below Z and to the right.
5 B is diagonally to the upper right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 C is placed at the lower right of A.
2 S and Z are side by side with S on the top and Z at the bottom.
3 Z is at A's 12 o'clock.
4 G presents below X.
5 S is over there with K above.
6 C and T are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	above	1
1 F and K are side by side with K at the bottom and F on the top.
2 O is to the left of G horizontally.
3 P is on the top side to K.
4 V and N are parallel, and V on the right of N.
5 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object D.
2 F is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
3 D is below K at 7 o'clock.
4 I is sitting at the lower position to U.
5 D is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
6 I is on the lower left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	left	1
1 K is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
3 T is directly north east of J.
4 I presents upper right to V.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	left	1
1 V is at F’s 9 o'clock.
2 R is to the top right of H.
3 Z is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 C is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 J is below R and to the right of R.
6 H is under L.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	left	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 S is at the bottom and M is on the top.
3 S is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
4 H is over there and S is on the top of it.
5 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
6 L is below and to the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	below	1
1 I is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper righthand corner.
3 Q and R are parallel, and Q is over R.
4 The objects H and D are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
5 H is on the left side and above S.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the right side to Q.
2 C is upper right to I.
3 K is to the bottom-left of F.
4 Q is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Z is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 H is below and to the left of V.
2 B is upper left of K.
3 I is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 I is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 L is on the left side of and below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the right and D is on the left.
2 E is to the upper left of D.
3 L is above and to the right of N.
4 Y is upper right to R.
5 The object E and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 E is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
2 B is above P at 10 o'clock.
3 Z is sitting at the lower right position to O.
4 R is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 P is on the right side and top of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 F is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
2 B is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 L is on the top and R is at the bottom.
4 V is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
5 P presents upper left to R.
6 L is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the top right of F.
2 C is above and to the right of Y.
3 V is at L's 12 o'clock.
4 F is upper left of V.
5 G presents right to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 M and I are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
2 L is north west of A.
3 Object U is below object R and to the left of it, too.
4 M is directly above R.
5 S is at I's 6 o'clock.
6 Q is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 X is north west of D.
2 Z is above and to the right of D.
3 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
4 O is positioned above D.
5 If U is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
6 B is above Z and to the left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 T and W are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 U is below and to the left of X.
3 J is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 W is at the lower side of V.
5 Z is on the top and W is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 H is diagonally left and below T.
2 S is south east of W.
3 K and A are in a vertical line with K on top.
4 S is on the right side and below H.
5 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
6 L is over there and B is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 K presents over Q.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower righthand corner.
3 J is positioned left to Q.
4 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
5 H is positioned left to J.
6 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 T and H are parallel, and T is to the left of H.
2 I is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 D is on the right and C is on the left.
4 P is over there with B below.
5 H is on the left and P is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 Y is over there with K above.
3 Q is north west of J.
4 Q presents below Y.
5 If U is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	below	1
1 J is upper left of L.
2 I is on the lower left of D.
3 M is diagonally left and below K.
4 E is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 G is above L and to the left of L.
6 M is at J's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	left	1
1 R is on the lower right of L.
2 K and Q are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
3 A and Y are parallel, and A on the left of Y.
4 If R is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
5 E is on the right side to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	left	1
1 Y and F are next to each other with Y on the left and F on the right.
2 V is lower right of M.
3 F is sitting at the upper left position to G.
4 N is at Y's 6 o'clock.
5 J is sitting at the lower right position to G.
6 G is above and to the right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	right	1
1 I is below D.
2 V is over there and I is on the left.
3 R is at the bottom of M.
4 N is directly south east of D.
5 W is on the top and V is at the bottom.
6 B is sitting at the lower left position to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 E is below P with a small gap between them.
2 E is at D’s 9 o'clock.
3 P is sitting at the lower right position to W.
4 S presents upper left to P.
5 G and D are parallel, and G is on top of D.
6 N presents lower right to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 O is over there with K above.
2 M and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and M on the left.
3 O is sitting at the top position to N.
4 N is directly north east of Y.
5 If L is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 M and E are both there with the object M is to the right of object E.
2 C is below and to the left of Q.
3 F is positioned above Q and to the left.
4 P is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 M is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	right	1
1 C and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
2 H is above B.
3 C is below B with a small gap between them.
4 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
5 A and L are both there with the object L below the object A.
6 J is directly north west of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 A is at the bottom of G.
3 T is on the right side to I.
4 X is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 H is over there with G above.
6 B is upper right to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object E is positioned directly below the object C.
2 J is to the left of W.
3 C is to the top right of T.
4 E is to the top of M vertically.
5 M is on the left side and above Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 E is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Z is above and to the left of E.
3 S presents left to T.
4 N is upper left of Z.
5 O and Z are next to each other with O on the top and Z at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Object O is below object G and to the left of it, too.
2 Y is diagonally right and below L.
3 R is above Y.
4 L is below U at 7 o'clock.
5 The objects R and C are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 I is below and to the right of X.
2 I is at A's 6 o'clock.
3 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
4 I presents upper right to R.
5 A is at J's 6 o'clock.
6 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	above	1
1 W is to the upper left of I.
2 G presents left to O.
3 Z is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 G is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 I is placed at the upper right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 P and O are horizontal and P is to the left of O.
2 X is sitting at the lower position to V.
3 P is on the lower left of U.
4 The objects E and L are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
5 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
6 P and V are parallel, and P on the left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	above	1
1 C is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face C.
2 Y is placed at the bottom of S.
3 W is on the lower right of L.
4 G and B are parallel, and G is to the right of B.
5 Y is below G.
6 B is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 H and J are parallel, and H is to the right of J.
3 O is to the top of W vertically.
4 A and H are next to each other with A on the top and H at the bottom.
5 Z and R are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
6 K and R are parallel, and K is over R.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	above	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled Z.
2 T is at the bottom of U.
3 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
4 Z presents below O.
5 X and O are side by side with X to the right and O to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the left side of and below G.
2 E presents upper left to P.
3 T is to the upper left of Y.
4 S is positioned below P and to the right.
5 P is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
6 Object T is above object S and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 D and F are side by side with D on the top and F at the bottom.
2 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
3 P and U are in a vertical line with U below P.
4 T is sitting at the top position to W.
5 D is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
6 T is on the lower left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, B is located between 4 and 5.
2 K is on the left and V is on the right.
3 K is at G's 6 o'clock.
4 Y is placed in the right direction of G.
5 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
6 R and Z are side by side with R to the right and Z to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Z is over there and A is on the left.
2 C is positioned above Z.
3 X is over Y.
4 D is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 Y is over there and A is on the right.
6 H is on the lower right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Z is sitting at the upper right position to C.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
3 K and C are next to each other with C at the bottom K on the top.
4 Y is to the left of T.
5 G is above K and to the right of K.
6 K is over there and D is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	below	1
1 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
2 G presents upper right to W.
3 M is at A's 6 o'clock.
4 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object W.
5 C is to the right of O.
6 G is positioned left to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	right	1
1 R is to the top-left of B.
2 V presents right to P.
3 F is on the top of L and is on the same vertical plane.
4 B is on the right side to L.
5 B is diagonally below A to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 B is sitting at the lower right position to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower position to A.
2 Y is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
3 E is to the right of N.
4 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
5 A and D are both there with the object A is to the left of object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned above and to the left of K.
2 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to O.
3 A is below Q with a small gap between them.
4 A is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 N is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting in the left direction of A.
2 E is to the bottom left of K.
3 I is on the left and K is on the right.
4 V is at L's 3 o'clock.
5 A is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 The object K is positioned directly below the object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	above	1
1 S is upper right to U.
2 N is over there and G is directly below it.
3 R is placed in the left direction of N.
4 W is directly north west of R.
5 W is on the right side and below F.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the right of C horizontally.
2 D is on the top and K is at the bottom.
3 O and B are vertical and O is below B.
4 The objects O and C are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
5 N and W are parallel, and W is below N.
6 J is over there with D above.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the right of Q.
2 Q and M are side by side with Q to the left and M to the right.
3 Q is diagonally right and below F.
4 P and M are both there with the object P is to the right of object M.
5 K is placed at the upper left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	right	1
1 G presents lower right to J.
2 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 P and E are vertical and P is below E.
4 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object G.
5 T and G are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
6 A is positioned left to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed at the lower left of H.
2 R is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
3 W is diagonally right and below P.
4 P and O are parallel, and P on the right of O.
5 J is over there and O is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	right	1
1 Y is upper right to A.
2 A is positioned above I.
3 O is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 V is north east of K.
5 Y is to the top-right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the bottom of A vertically.
2 D presents upper left to I.
3 C is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
4 U and A are parallel, and U is to the left of A.
5 U is positioned in the top left corner of B.
6 V is over there and A is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned below B.
2 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
3 D is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper righthand corner.
4 X is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 D and P are parallel, and D is over P.
6 P is over there and Y is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 P and J are parallel, and P is under J.
2 J is over there and R is on the left of it.
3 V is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 G is over there and R is directly above it.
5 W and Y are vertical and W is above Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
2 X is on the top side to H.
3 S is on the upper right of H.
4 Z and I are parallel, and Z on the left of I.
5 X presents over D.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 Object K is below object W and to the right of it, too.
3 B and C are parallel, and B is under C.
4 B is over there and E is on the top of it.
5 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned above P.
2 V is positioned above H and to the right.
3 W is at D's 6 o'clock.
4 V and T are side by side with V to the left and T to the right.
5 W is above T at 10 o'clock.
6 K is on the top and H is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the upper left position to X.
2 H is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
3 Object L is below object T and to the left of it, too.
4 L and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
5 B is over there and R is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 W is over there and T is at the bottom of it.
2 S is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 I and S are both there with the object I above the object S.
4 S is positioned right to V.
5 V is to the bottom right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	left	1
1 C is at L’s 9 o'clock.
2 L and M are parallel, and L is under M.
3 L and R are parallel, and L is under R.
4 W is diagonally left and below V.
5 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 V and J are parallel, and V is to the left of J.
2 S is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 X is to the upper left of B.
4 D is sitting at the lower right position to V.
5 V is directly south east of B.
6 Z and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the left side to U.
2 B is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
4 I and Q are side by side with I to the left and Q to the right.
5 I is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
2 W is directly south east of Q.
3 The object L and F are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
4 B is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
5 I is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
6 B is positioned above L.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 R is positioned left to V.
2 I is below R with a small gap between them.
3 F is on the lower left of J.
4 Q is positioned above and to the left of L.
5 I is on top of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is to the right of C horizontally.
2 M is above P.
3 R is on the left side and above M.
4 P is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Z is positioned left to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
2 K is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 W is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
4 T is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 A is diagonally left and above A.
6 Y is below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object S and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 P is sitting at the top position to A.
3 U is over there and O is on the left of it.
4 Y is positioned up and to the right of N.
5 S is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 Y is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned below Q and to the right.
2 W is to the right of G.
3 F and O are next to each other with O on the right and F on the left.
4 K is at D's 12 o'clock.
5 F and G are both there with the object F is to the right of object G.
6 Q is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
2 H is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
3 H is on top of T.
4 O is to the top right of L.
5 O is over there and H is directly above it.
6 F is on the right side to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 P is north west of T.
2 A is sitting in the right direction of Q.
3 P presents lower left to L.
4 Object I is below object P and to the left of it, too.
5 U is directly above T.
6 D is positioned below U and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	above	1
1 R is above and to the left of A.
2 F is to the left of X horizontally.
3 N is diagonally to the upper left of W.
4 N is over there and X is on the top of it.
5 B and E are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
6 N and E are side by side with N to the left and E to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	below	1
1 M presents right to H.
2 J is north west of K.
3 J presents upper right to T.
4 H is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Y and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 B is placed at the upper left of J.
2 P and D are parallel, and P is over D.
3 The object P is positioned directly above the object H.
4 R is over there and D is on the right of it.
5 P is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 P is sitting at the upper right position to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	left	1
1 F is north east of Q.
2 D is on the top and B is at the bottom.
3 Y is upper right to D.
4 V is to the right of B.
5 S is under I.
6 Y and I are parallel, and Y on the left of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	above	1
1 Object W is below object D and to the right of it, too.
2 H and C are vertical and H is above C.
3 E presents left to K.
4 E and F are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
5 F is below and to the right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 R is directly south west of E.
2 X is upper left of T.
3 B and Y are parallel, and B on the left of Y.
4 R is above H.
5 X is at H's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 B and F are both there with the object B above the object F.
2 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
3 F is placed in the left direction of L.
4 C is placed in the right direction of R.
5 I is placed in the left direction of G.
6 V is directly above F.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	above	1
1 C and O are in a vertical line with O below C.
2 D and T are parallel, and D on the right of T.
3 O and E are both there with the object E below the object O.
4 J and V are parallel, and J is to the left of V.
5 T is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Q is below G.
2 I is directly below Z.
3 L is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
4 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
5 D is below L and to the right of L.
6 A is directly north east of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Q is under V.
2 F is to the left of R.
3 If Y is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
4 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
5 U and O are parallel, and U is on top of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 P and F are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 E is positioned right to M.
3 J is diagonally below U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
5 E and G are side by side with G at the bottom and E on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the lower left position to S.
2 C is placed at the bottom of S.
3 Y is to the top-right of P.
4 C is sitting at the upper left position to U.
5 F is at the lower side of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 E is at the bottom and L is on the top.
2 E is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 X presents lower right to L.
4 D and P are horizontal and D is to the right of P.
5 R and D are parallel, and R is over D.
6 Y is to the bottom right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
2 If U is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
3 U is south west of F.
4 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
5 C is at Q's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 A is placed on the top of D.
2 X is on the right side to C.
3 E presents upper left to T.
4 C is over there with D above.
5 S is to the top-right of X.
6 R and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the right of L horizontally.
2 H is above Y.
3 B is placed at the upper right of Y.
4 If H is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
5 U is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
6 I is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 Z is positioned below X and to the right.
2 T is at the lower side of Z.
3 X is positioned in the front right corner of E.
4 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
5 W is positioned in the top left corner of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
2 C presents lower right to D.
3 Q and W are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
4 K is over there and W is on the top of it.
5 G is to the bottom-right of K.
6 Q is above Z at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	right	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of N.
2 O is directly north east of R.
3 I presents over L.
4 D and R are both there with the object D is to the left of object R.
5 R is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
6 D is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Z.
2 X is below O at 7 o'clock.
3 Object R is below object K and to the right of it, too.
4 V is at the bottom of K.
5 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object N.
6 N and R are parallel, and N is over R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	right	1
1 O is positioned right to A.
2 A is directly north west of L.
3 U is directly north west of D.
4 C is to the upper left of J.
5 B is at D's 3 o'clock.
6 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 H and S are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
2 G is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
3 H and D are side by side with H to the right and D to the left.
4 R is on the lower right of X.
5 Z is placed at the upper left of L.
6 If X is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 D is over there and A is on the left.
2 D is on the lower right of B.
3 F is to the upper left of L.
4 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object E.
5 H is directly south west of B.
6 W is directly south east of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 If N is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
3 K is placed on the top of L.
4 L and B are side by side with L to the right and B to the left.
5 K is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
6 The object F is positioned directly above the object K.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned up and to the right of T.
2 I is above F at 2 o'clock.
3 J is above and to the left of T.
4 V is north east of Q.
5 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
6 X is on the top side to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Z is over there and D is on the top of it.
3 G presents lower right to W.
4 I is to the top-right of D.
5 A and M are parallel, and A is to the right of M.
6 M and Z are parallel, and M on the left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	right	1
1 R is on the lower left of M.
2 Y is diagonally left and below U.
3 Object W is below object M and to the right of it, too.
4 L is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
5 If W is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	right	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
2 G is over there and P is on the right.
3 P is over there with M above.
4 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
5 I is to the top-right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the top-right of V.
2 The objects I and Y are over there. The object I is above and slightly to the right of the object Y.
3 V is above R.
4 E is to the top of P vertically.
5 O is at P’s 9 o'clock.
6 O is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	right	1
1 The objects C and P are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 K is to the upper left of R.
4 I is upper left of K.
5 V is below Y and to the right of Y.
6 K and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and K on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Q and T are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 N and Q are parallel, and N is to the left of Q.
3 F is positioned in the front right corner of I.
4 Y is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 A is below T at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the right side and below X.
2 J is sitting at the upper left position to X.
3 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
4 V presents lower right to P.
5 S and U are horizontal and S is to the right of U.
6 X presents right to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the left side to F.
2 G is placed at the lower right of E.
3 G is at X's 3 o'clock.
4 Q is at M's 12 o'clock.
5 F is directly above G.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	left	1
1 F is under S.
2 D is positioned below and to the right of T.
3 P is lower left to U.
4 T is positioned in the top left corner of M.
5 T is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Object G is below object S and to the left of it, too.
2 H is directly above W.
3 D is south west of W.
4 E and D are parallel, and E is to the right of D.
5 V is over there with W above.
6 U is directly above V.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	left	1
1 W is positioned below L and to the left.
2 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 X and V are parallel, and X is to the left of V.
4 X is there and O is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 If A is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
6 V is diagonally left and below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	above	1
1 N is above I.
2 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
3 N is north west of L.
4 I is on the lower left of G.
5 V is positioned right to Q.
6 G is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
2 G is lower left to L.
3 G is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 Y is sitting at the lower position to B.
5 L is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 B is to the bottom-left of X.
2 T is above N and to the left of N.
3 M is over there and P is directly below it.
4 N is lower left to P.
5 N presents below X.
6 I is on the left and Y is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned below Y and to the right.
2 T is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
3 G is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 Q is diagonally to the upper left of L.
5 Q is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	below	1
1 I is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 X is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
3 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
4 H is positioned below and to the right of F.
5 O is over there with A above.
6 X is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 V is positioned up and to the right of T.
2 N is below A.
3 C is over I.
4 C is over there and D is on the right.
5 U and I are parallel, and U is under I.
6 V is on the right and C is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	below	1
1 B is to the bottom-left of L.
2 L and G are next to each other with G at the bottom L on the top.
3 M is north east of O.
4 O is at V's 6 o'clock.
5 T is positioned below S and to the left.
6 M is to the top-right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object G and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 D is over K.
3 P and I are side by side with P on the top and I at the bottom.
4 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
5 Object G is below object L and to the left of it, too.
6 J is sitting at the top position to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	left	1
1 I is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 B is positioned below and to the right of H.
3 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
4 O is placed in the right direction of Q.
5 Q is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	right	1
1 K presents left to Q.
2 E is over there and A is on the left of it.
3 U and G are in a vertical line with G below U.
4 K and U are next to each other with K on the top and U at the bottom.
5 Y is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	below	1
1 O is below H.
2 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 M and Y are horizontal and M is to the right of Y.
4 Y is sitting at the lower position to O.
5 G is over there and U is directly below it.
6 B is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	right	1
1 K and S are parallel, and S is below K.
2 K is on the right side and below P.
3 E is to the top-right of S.
4 V and S are parallel, and V on the left of S.
5 K is positioned below and to the right of O.
6 G is positioned in the front right corner of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	below	1
1 W and V are next to each other with W on the top and V at the bottom.
2 B and P are parallel, and B on the right of P.
3 If B is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
4 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
5 O is diagonally right and below L.
6 L is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of W.
2 E is north west of F.
3 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
4 T and F are both there with the object T is to the right of object F.
5 N is below E and to the right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	above	1
1 C is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
2 Z and I are parallel, and I is below Z.
3 N and X are vertical and N is above X.
4 D presents right to X.
5 C is over there and B is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
3 G is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
4 H and F are parallel, and H on the left of F.
5 L and P are side by side with L to the right and P to the left.
6 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face L.
2 W presents right to B.
3 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
4 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
5 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	above	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of X.
2 J is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
3 F is upper left of N.
4 N is above K and to the right of K.
5 W and N are side by side with W to the right and N to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
2 P is above B at 2 o'clock.
3 H presents right to B.
4 W is positioned below and to the right of C.
5 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 P is above S and to the right of S.
3 F is at M's 6 o'clock.
4 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object S.
5 N is above and to the right of B.
6 N is placed in the left direction of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	above	1
1 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
2 U and C are side by side with C at the bottom and U on the top.
3 L is north east of X.
4 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
5 U is below L at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	above	1
1 O is directly above N.
2 S and H are parallel, and S is on top of H.
3 I is to the top of H vertically.
4 G is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	right	1
1 K and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
2 J and V are parallel, and J on the right of V.
3 U is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 Y and X are in a vertical line with X below Y.
5 G is to the bottom-left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the lower right position to J.
2 G is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
3 O is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
5 Z and J are horizontal and Z is to the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 N is below F.
2 C is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 V is there and C is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
4 D is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
5 F is at D's 3 o'clock.
6 W and U are parallel, and W on the left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
2 K and U are next to each other with U on the right and K on the left.
3 G is to the left of O horizontally.
4 D and U are parallel, and D on the right of U.
5 U is at the lower side of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 R is to the left of X.
2 H and P are in a vertical line with P below H.
3 J is on the left side to H.
4 J is positioned above and to the left of Q.
5 D is at E’s 9 o'clock.
6 D and Q are in a vertical line with Q below D.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 A presents below X.
2 Object Q is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
3 T is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
4 O and T are vertical and O is above T.
5 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	below	1
1 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
2 T is upper right to S.
3 T is above Y and to the left of Y.
4 T is to the top-left of H.
5 F is sitting at the lower right position to M.
6 D is to the top of H vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object A and V are there. The object V is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 V is over there with D below.
4 S is to the right of H horizontally.
5 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
6 O is sitting at the lower left position to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the bottom and X is on the top.
2 O is diagonally right and above R.
3 M is over there and S is on the left.
4 O is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
5 M is sitting at the lower position to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 W is north west of D.
2 I is positioned left to X.
3 D and G are in a vertical line with G below D.
4 I presents upper left to W.
5 T is at A’s 9 o'clock.
6 W is diagonally left and below K.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 E presents left to J.
2 A is over there and J is on the left.
3 T is sitting at the lower position to S.
4 E is above S at 10 o'clock.
5 O is to the bottom left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of Y.
2 A presents upper right to N.
3 O and A are side by side with A at the bottom and O on the top.
4 C and M are parallel, and C is to the left of M.
5 M is above N.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	below	1
1 N is positioned in the lower right corner of C.
2 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
3 Z is diagonally right and below O.
4 J is directly south west of O.
5 O is to the left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the left of D horizontally.
2 R is to the bottom right of A.
3 The object C is positioned directly above the object A.
4 V is to the bottom-left of K.
5 C is on top of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 S and I are parallel, and S is to the left of I.
2 K and W are horizontal and K is to the left of W.
3 R is on the upper right of D.
4 S and W are side by side with S to the left and W to the right.
5 O is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
6 D is placed at the lower left of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 Z is to the bottom-right of T.
2 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
3 V is directly below B.
4 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
5 B is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 H is sitting in the right direction of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 C and F are parallel, and C on the left of F.
2 K is directly north east of O.
3 L is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
5 O is positioned down and to the left of F.
6 Q is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
2 Object I is above object K and to the left of it, too.
3 Z is on the right side and top of K.
4 Y is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
5 C is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 K is on the lower left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	right	1
1 P is north west of B.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
3 P is above H at 10 o'clock.
4 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
5 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 H and N are parallel, and H is to the left of N.
2 S presents upper left to B.
3 L is to the bottom right of V.
4 H and V are parallel, and H is to the right of V.
5 I is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Q is over there and P is on the top of it.
3 O is sitting in the right direction of P.
4 J is above E with a small gap between them.
5 D and C are in a vertical line with C below D.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Z and S are parallel, and Z on the right of S.
2 Y is over there and U is on the left.
3 V is on the left side and above Y.
4 H is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
6 U is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 S is sitting in the left direction of D.
3 J is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 P is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 D is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
6 D is below and to the right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is positioned directly below the object P.
2 N is below W at 7 o'clock.
3 The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
4 Q is to the bottom-right of P.
5 B is south east of P.
6 P and I are horizontal and P is to the left of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is upper right to L.
3 C is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 H is over there and O is on the right of it.
5 P is to the right of B.
6 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 J is over there and M is directly below it.
2 N is at the lower side of H.
3 R is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 J is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 M presents over N.
6 W and P are both there with the object W above the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	above	1
1 M is positioned in the lower right corner of F.
2 M and X are in a vertical line with M on top.
3 X is over there and Z is directly below it.
4 The object Y is positioned directly above the object I.
5 Object M is below object P and to the right of it, too.
6 B is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	below	1
1 O and Q are parallel, and O on the left of Q.
2 O is positioned above Z and to the left.
3 The objects P and Z are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
4 Q and S are in a vertical line with Q on top.
5 H is over there with E above.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	right	1
1 M is positioned left to S.
2 U is on the left and N is on the right.
3 If U is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
4 N is placed at the lower left of J.
5 Object G is above object J and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned above and to the left of I.
2 F presents left to O.
3 F is at the bottom and R is on the top.
4 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
5 F is below B and to the left of B.
6 R is above Q and to the left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 J is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 L presents over G.
3 M is on the left side to J.
4 L is placed at the upper right of J.
5 C is over there and D is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
2 The objects F and K are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
4 F is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
5 N is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally right and below B.
2 B is placed at the upper left of T.
3 O is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
4 The objects Q and U are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
5 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
6 C is north east of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
2 O and T are side by side with O on the top and T at the bottom.
3 Y and H are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
4 H and U are in a vertical line with U below H.
5 O is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 O is sitting in the right direction of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 D is north east of Z.
2 K and N are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
3 If K is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
4 K is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
5 L is on the right side and below C.
6 D and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 H is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 K is positioned below T and to the right.
4 V is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
5 R is lower right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
2 J is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 J is above and to the right of V.
4 I is diagonally right and below O.
5 O is positioned above G and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 L is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 K is on the right and X is on the left.
4 W is sitting at the upper right position to K.
5 V is above H.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
2 Q is positioned below N.
3 L is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
4 K is to the bottom right of N.
5 P is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the left of I horizontally.
2 V is south east of X.
3 H is over I.
4 H and V are vertical and H is above V.
5 Z is on the left and M is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	left	1
1 M is to the right of Z.
2 L and J are both there with the object J below the object L.
3 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
4 S is diagonally right and below V.
5 H is positioned below V and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	left	1
1 O is positioned left to V.
2 Q is sitting at the upper right position to J.
3 P and H are vertical and P is above H.
4 G is positioned in the top left corner of J.
5 A and O are side by side with A to the left and O to the right.
6 G is on the right and A is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 X is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 J and D are both there with the object D below the object J.
3 V is on the right side and top of A.
4 C is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
5 V is on the top and R is at the bottom.
6 D is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 O is south east of J.
2 D and O are next to each other with O at the bottom D on the top.
3 X is on the right side and top of A.
4 P is lower left to M.
5 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly above R.
2 K and O are both there with the object K is to the right of object O.
3 R and N are next to each other with N at the bottom R on the top.
4 W is below D at 4 o'clock.
5 R is north east of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 U is below O with a small gap between them.
2 E and C are side by side with E to the right and C to the left.
3 O and C are side by side with O to the left and C to the right.
4 L is above P.
5 H is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	above	1
1 G presents upper left to R.
2 E is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
3 F is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
4 P is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
5 O is to the left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the lower right of U.
2 X is at T’s 9 o'clock.
3 If N is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
4 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
5 N is over there and I is directly below it.
6 The object T and W are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	right	1
1 A is directly above K.
2 U is on the left and L is on the right.
3 If U is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
4 M is to the right of B.
5 M is over there and P is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	left	1
1 K is directly south west of P.
2 P is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Q is over there with A below.
4 E is at R’s 9 o'clock.
5 Q is above and to the left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 I is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
2 I is over there and P is directly above it.
3 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
4 M is on the lower left of K.
5 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
6 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 R and D are next to each other with D on the right and R on the left.
2 M is diagonally to the upper left of I.
3 I is at F’s 9 o'clock.
4 J is over there and M is on the right.
5 E is to the bottom right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	left	1
1 M is on the right side and below U.
2 R is on the right side and top of B.
3 U is diagonally right and below S.
4 H is to the right of N horizontally.
5 H is to the upper left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 W is south west of G.
2 S is on top of O.
3 The object S is positioned directly below the object J.
4 J is placed in the left direction of G.
5 Y is placed at the lower left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	above	1
1 T and M are side by side with M at the bottom and T on the top.
2 T is on the left side and above Z.
3 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
4 T is on the right and J is on the left.
5 R is directly south east of F.
6 O is to the upper left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 F is over there with D above.
2 T is at the bottom of G.
3 Y is placed at the bottom of P.
4 X presents below T.
5 T is below F.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	below	1
1 R is sitting at the lower position to X.
2 The object N is positioned directly above the object C.
3 A is sitting in the left direction of R.
4 D is over there and O is directly above it.
5 C and X are next to each other with X on the right and C on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 N and S are parallel, and S is below N.
3 K and A are next to each other with A on the right and K on the left.
4 U and O are horizontal and U is to the left of O.
5 A presents upper left to P.
6 K is placed in the left direction of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	left	1
1 K is placed at the lower left of Z.
2 A is on the right side and below H.
3 M is to the top right of N.
4 K is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
5 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 K and X are parallel, and K is under X.
2 K is to the top-right of I.
3 N is on the lower right of A.
4 C and I are next to each other with I at the bottom C on the top.
5 J is over there with I below.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 C is positioned below and to the right of I.
3 B is to the top-left of K.
4 Q is directly north west of Z.
5 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
3 S is over there and U is on the top of it.
4 W is lower left to M.
5 U is over there and E is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 E and F are in a vertical line with F below E.
2 The objects G and M are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 V is diagonally left and below P.
4 J is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
5 J is to the upper left of V.
6 Q and F are horizontal and Q is to the left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	right	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
3 The object S and W are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
4 U is on the right side and top of K.
5 I is over there and K is on the right of it.
6 H is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 P and U are both there with the object U below the object P.
2 J is over there with V above.
3 B and F are next to each other with B on the left and F on the right.
4 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
5 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
2 F and G are horizontal and F is to the left of G.
3 C is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 D and L are vertical and D is below L.
5 T is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the left side to R.
2 S is to the top-left of C.
3 L and A are both there with the object L is to the left of object A.
4 R is on the left side and above N.
5 S is to the bottom-right of R.
6 Z is above C at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 I is lower left to A.
2 Z is directly south west of R.
3 O and G are parallel, and O is to the left of G.
4 C is to the left of I.
5 A is placed on the top of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	right	1
1 Q is lower left to O.
2 I presents right to H.
3 Q is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
4 W is to the right of J horizontally.
5 T is positioned in the front right corner of M.
6 T and J are both there with the object T is to the left of object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 K is above and to the left of Z.
2 D is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Z is positioned left to W.
4 T is on the lower right of D.
5 S is above X at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	left	1
1 W is above and to the left of R.
2 W is below Q at 4 o'clock.
3 L is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 L is south east of A.
5 M and V are side by side with V at the bottom and M on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	right	1
1 Z and M are side by side with Z to the left and M to the right.
2 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
3 I is north east of F.
4 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
5 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	right	1
1 D is on the left and T is on the right.
2 W is to the top of N vertically.
3 G is sitting at the top position to L.
4 H is placed on the top of W.
5 D is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	above	1
1 R is at T's 12 o'clock.
2 X and B are vertical and X is below B.
3 A and T are side by side with T at the bottom and A on the top.
4 K is diagonally to the upper left of E.
5 T is south east of N.
6 A is to the left of K horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 A and P are side by side with A to the right and P to the left.
2 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
3 P is sitting in the right direction of Q.
4 F is south east of Z.
5 X is at the bottom of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the bottom-left of V.
2 O and L are next to each other with L on the right and O on the left.
3 L is on the left side of and below F.
4 G is positioned below D.
5 V is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 A is on the top and T is at the bottom.
2 If N is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
3 S and V are next to each other with V on the right and S on the left.
4 N is south west of B.
5 R and A are next to each other with A at the bottom R on the top.
6 R is below D with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	left	1
1 E is at P's 6 o'clock.
2 H is to the left of E.
3 The object T is positioned directly above the object N.
4 Q is positioned above B.
5 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
6 The objects H and X are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	below	1
1 The objects W and X are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 J is at the bottom of M.
3 W is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 Q presents lower left to Z.
5 W is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 The object E is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
3 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
4 I is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
5 E is over there and Z is on the top of it.
6 N is over there and F is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Object X is below object G and to the left of it, too.
2 V and H are both there with the object V is to the right of object H.
3 H and I are parallel, and H is on top of I.
4 B and R are side by side with B to the right and R to the left.
5 H is above and to the right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 A is south west of U.
2 A is to the top of R vertically.
3 K is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
4 B is sitting in the left direction of V.
5 B is placed at the upper right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	right	1
1 U is on the lower right of I.
2 P presents below W.
3 The object J is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
4 S is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 I is diagonally right and below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The objects K and O are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
3 T and R are both there with the object T above the object R.
4 P is positioned in the top left corner of S.
5 R is below O with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
2 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
3 H presents upper right to V.
4 O is to the top-right of D.
5 D is upper right to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Object N is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 D is to the right of V horizontally.
3 N is placed in the left direction of L.
4 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
5 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	right	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 A is below Z at 7 o'clock.
3 X is to the bottom right of Z.
4 R and Z are in a vertical line with R on top.
5 M presents lower left to A.
6 V and P are horizontal and V is to the left of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned in the front right corner of M.
2 B is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face B.
3 E is below and to the right of Z.
4 I is on the lower left of A.
5 I is on the lower left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned above G and to the left.
2 Q presents below E.
3 G is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
4 K is at G's 3 o'clock.
5 N and Q are parallel, and N is on top of Q.
6 M is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 Z presents lower left to O.
2 The objects L and J are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 J is to the right of O horizontally.
4 U is to the bottom-right of J.
5 M is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
6 J is to the top of D vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
3 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
4 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
5 F is positioned above X and to the right.
6 W is positioned below C.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	below	1
1 X and V are side by side with X to the right and V to the left.
2 T is on the left side to F.
3 S is on the upper right of U.
4 U is on top of O.
5 O is placed on the top of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 H is directly north east of F.
2 P is upper left of X.
3 U is to the bottom-right of A.
4 The objects X and U are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
5 P is over there and R is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 N is diagonally left and above N.
2 W is sitting at the lower right position to I.
3 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
4 W is below R at 7 o'clock.
5 X and R are parallel, and X is under R.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	below	1
1 S is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 E is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
4 X is directly north east of E.
5 S presents upper left to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Q is above R at 10 o'clock.
2 Q and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
3 Object G is below object J and to the right of it, too.
4 P is south east of Q.
5 D is above and to the left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
2 K is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
3 Z is on the right side and top of I.
4 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
5 D is below J and to the right of J.
6 O is positioned above K and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
3 F is directly south east of O.
4 Y is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 Y is placed at the upper right of O.
6 F is to the upper left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
2 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
3 V is positioned right to K.
4 N is diagonally left and above N.
5 Q is over there and V is on the right of it.
6 K is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting at the lower left position to P.
2 Q is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
4 F is at W’s 9 o'clock.
5 G is above F and to the right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 I is below J.
2 A and L are horizontal and A is to the right of L.
3 U is over there and Q is on the top of it.
4 A is placed at the bottom of Y.
5 Y is above Q at 2 o'clock.
6 U is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
2 H presents left to R.
3 Z is diagonally above G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 K and P are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
5 H and P are next to each other with H on the top and P at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	right	1
1 G is at V's 6 o'clock.
2 G is over there with F above.
3 Y is to the top-left of E.
4 K is directly north west of B.
5 F is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	above	1
1 V is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 Y is positioned up and to the right of W.
3 The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
4 X is on the right side to O.
5 L is over A.
6 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Q and J are side by side with J at the bottom and Q on the top.
3 T and I are next to each other with T on the left and I on the right.
4 B is positioned in the front right corner of I.
5 T is positioned above J.
6 The objects J and L are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the right side to P.
2 F is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 C is north west of F.
4 F and U are parallel, and F is on top of U.
5 G is positioned right to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	left	1
1 K and S are both there with the object K is to the left of object S.
2 S is placed at the lower left of Q.
3 The object K is positioned directly below the object C.
4 D is sitting at the upper right position to M.
5 H is over there and K is directly above it.
6 H is over there and E is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object V.
2 O is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
3 A is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 J is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
5 O is to the right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 P is placed at the upper right of R.
2 I is over there with Y above.
3 J is positioned below I and to the right.
4 E is positioned above Q and to the left.
5 J and R are parallel, and J on the left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object N is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
2 F and Q are both there with the object F is to the left of object Q.
3 X and H are both there with the object X above the object H.
4 Y is north east of M.
5 X is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	above	1
1 G and B are parallel, and G is on top of B.
2 P is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
3 L is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
4 If B is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
5 E is directly south east of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 T and V are next to each other with T on the top and V at the bottom.
2 T is diagonally right and above N.
3 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object V.
4 S is positioned above and to the left of V.
5 K is on the left side of and below C.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	above	1
1 I is at X's 12 o'clock.
2 I is placed in the left direction of R.
3 A is over there and Q is on the left of it.
4 I is upper right to V.
5 E is on the upper right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 T is north east of P.
2 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
3 I is on the right and P is on the left.
4 R is to the bottom-left of Z.
5 V is above H at 2 o'clock.
6 I is diagonally right and below O.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Y is directly north west of C.
2 M is at the bottom of C.
3 K is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
4 Y is below B at 7 o'clock.
5 M is north east of Q.
6 M is on the left side of and below H.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 I is on the lower left of T.
3 Z is to the bottom-left of T.
4 N is to the top-right of I.
5 Y is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
2 X is lower right of O.
3 G is above H and to the right of H.
4 N is at the bottom of M vertically.
5 Z is to the right of M horizontally.
6 G is below and to the right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 C is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 K is sitting in the left direction of H.
3 K is below V and to the left of V.
4 S and N are next to each other with N on the right and S on the left.
5 H is above N at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 A presents lower right to X.
2 O and X are vertical and O is above X.
3 E is to the top of R vertically.
4 X is on the left and D is on the right.
5 G is south east of D.
6 W is over there with O below.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 B and G are vertical and B is above G.
2 I and B are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
3 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
4 F is positioned above J and to the right.
5 G is sitting at the top position to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	above	1
1 W is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 W is positioned right to G.
3 O is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
4 W and B are next to each other with W on the left and B on the right.
5 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
6 H is below and to the right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 R is below and to the left of T.
2 B is placed at the lower right of R.
3 The objects Q and B are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
4 The objects S and R are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
5 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
6 F is placed at the bottom of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 R and V are next to each other with R on the top and V at the bottom.
2 L is positioned up and to the right of N.
3 W is over there and L is on the left.
4 Q is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 N is sitting in the right direction of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V is over there and G is on the right of it.
2 V is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
3 X and O are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
4 G is on the right side to L.
5 G is on the top and S is at the bottom.
6 G is positioned down and to the left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 A is on the left and Y is on the right.
2 S is on the left side and above C.
3 Y is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
4 M is on the lower right of Y.
5 K is at the bottom of F.
6 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 S is below P and to the right of P.
2 M is positioned above N and to the right.
3 Q is below V and to the right of V.
4 L is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 V presents lower right to N.
6 E is positioned up and to the right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 R and I are vertical and R is below I.
2 P is lower left to I.
3 B is positioned above F.
4 I is south east of J.
5 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
6 I is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the right of L horizontally.
2 I is directly south east of Y.
3 D is positioned above S and to the left.
4 I is at the bottom and D is on the top.
5 Z is positioned left to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 W is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 D is diagonally to the upper left of G.
3 T and G are next to each other with T on the top and G at the bottom.
4 X presents below R.
5 W is placed at the lower left of Y.
6 T is diagonally left and below P.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
2 K is placed at the lower left of G.
3 V is above Y and to the right of Y.
4 J is above and to the right of I.
5 A is lower right of V.
6 V is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Q is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
3 S is above G at 10 o'clock.
4 E is sitting in the right direction of A.
5 Q is to the left of S.
6 W is above and to the right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
2 G is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 S is sitting in the left direction of N.
4 C is above and to the right of G.
5 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
2 A is below and to the left of D.
3 N is positioned above F.
4 D and U are side by side with U at the bottom and D on the top.
5 Y is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 W and A are both there with the object W is to the right of object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	above	1
1 W is sitting at the lower left position to A.
2 L presents upper left to E.
3 A is diagonally right and above H.
4 E is on the right side and top of A.
5 Q and U are both there with the object Q above the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 O and A are parallel, and A is below O.
2 H is over there and O is on the right.
3 A and L are next to each other with A on the left and L on the right.
4 Q is on the right side to A.
5 Object C is below object K and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the left of H horizontally.
2 B is on the right side and top of U.
3 W is on the right side to H.
4 T is directly below H.
5 F is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	right	1
1 F and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
2 F is to the upper left of L.
3 K is below T at 7 o'clock.
4 J is below L at 7 o'clock.
5 C and L are next to each other with C on the top and L at the bottom.
6 W is at F's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	right	1
1 A is over there and B is on the left of it.
2 B is positioned in the front right corner of C.
3 T is north east of C.
4 B is below F.
5 If O is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
6 M is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 D is on the upper right of N.
2 N is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
3 L is over there with G above.
4 I is on the right side and below S.
5 N is diagonally left and below H.
6 Object N is below object K and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 O is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 J is below Y at 7 o'clock.
3 C is to the top-left of J.
4 K is positioned right to X.
5 T is at the bottom of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	below	1
1 T is positioned down and to the left of O.
2 W is on the left side to A.
3 U is placed at the lower right of M.
4 M and A are vertical and M is below A.
5 U and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
6 W is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned down and to the left of B.
2 L presents lower left to G.
3 B is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
4 L and R are in a vertical line with L on top.
5 The object V is positioned directly above the object W.
6 F is over there and X is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	right	1
1 Object I is above object L and to the left of it, too.
2 D is diagonally to the upper right of F.
3 D and L are side by side with D to the right and L to the left.
4 If L is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
5 Y and T are both there with the object Y above the object T.
6 B and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	left	1
1 L is at W’s 9 o'clock.
2 A is at the bottom and O is on the top.
3 If H is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
4 S is north west of O.
5 W is at A’s 9 o'clock.
6 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 D is over there and Q is directly above it.
2 L is at U’s 9 o'clock.
3 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
4 Q is on the right side and below X.
5 Y is on top of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	right	1
1 T is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
2 N is above P with a small gap between them.
3 C is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 P and T are next to each other with P on the top and T at the bottom.
5 W is lower right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 B is on the right side to H.
2 B and G are vertical and B is above G.
3 X is positioned up and to the right of Y.
4 S is positioned above B and to the right.
5 S is lower right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Y is over there and U is on the left of it.
2 D is to the top of T vertically.
3 Y and F are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
4 O is placed at the upper right of F.
5 O is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the top side to N.
2 G is sitting in the left direction of H.
3 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
4 P and G are horizontal and P is to the right of G.
5 C is at the bottom of R.
6 K is placed at the upper left of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 L and W are vertical and L is below W.
2 J is diagonally left and above J.
3 If R is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
4 H is diagonally to the bottom left of W.
5 K is south east of J.
6 U is on the left side of and below L.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	below	1
1 Object Z is below object N and to the left of it, too.
2 H is directly south west of N.
3 I is on top of S.
4 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
5 The objects H and S are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of P.
2 Q is directly south west of H.
3 C is sitting at the lower left position to I.
4 X presents below P.
5 Q is placed in the right direction of X.
6 N presents upper left to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the right and M is on the left.
2 V is sitting at the top position to W.
3 V is over there and O is on the left of it.
4 V is over there and P is on the top of it.
5 Y is below O.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 N is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Z is on the right side to D.
3 J and Z are side by side with J to the right and Z to the left.
4 N is on the lower left of Z.
5 L is above O and to the right of O.
6 Z is positioned in the front right corner of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 N is directly above Q.
2 E is at the lower side of O.
3 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
4 N is over there and D is directly below it.
5 Z is directly north east of Q.
6 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	below	1
1 X is over there and U is on the right.
2 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 W is positioned above and to the left of C.
4 X is directly south east of I.
5 If W is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Z is lower right of J.
2 P is positioned left to G.
3 E is to the right of G horizontally.
4 E presents over J.
5 M is at N's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
2 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
3 E is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
4 L is to the top of G vertically.
5 X is on the top side to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	above	1
1 V is positioned above J and to the left.
2 L is positioned below E.
3 S is over there and E is on the right.
4 L presents below J.
5 N presents below E.
6 G is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	right	1
1 F is at N’s 9 o'clock.
2 D is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
3 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
4 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
5 S and I are next to each other with I at the bottom S on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	right	1
1 R and Z are parallel, and R is under Z.
2 S is below J at 4 o'clock.
3 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
4 X is positioned below P and to the right.
5 W is above and to the right of P.
6 X and Q are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 B is at C's 12 o'clock.
2 S is at K’s 9 o'clock.
3 Z is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
4 Y is to the top right of B.
5 Z is directly north west of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	above	1
1 K is on the left side and above T.
2 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object V.
3 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
4 O is over P.
5 V is on top of S.
6 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	below	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 C is on the right and Y is on the left.
3 G is on the lower right of U.
4 X and L are in a vertical line with X on top.
5 H is over C.
6 Y and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and Y on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	above	1
1 F is sitting in the left direction of O.
2 H is directly below L.
3 X is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
4 W is placed at the upper left of H.
5 L is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 L is placed at the upper left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 J is placed in the right direction of R.
3 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
4 R is above U and to the left of U.
5 J is positioned in the top left corner of P.
6 R is to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	right	1
1 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
2 W is on the left side and above V.
3 V is to the top right of C.
4 C is positioned in the top left corner of O.
5 S is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	above	1
1 G is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 N presents below B.
3 S is on the right side and below B.
4 A is diagonally to the bottom right of N.
5 F is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
6 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object R.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	left	1
1 L is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 G and K are vertical and G is below K.
3 The object X is positioned directly above the object K.
4 G presents over F.
5 X is above and to the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 A is directly north west of R.
2 U is on the top side to O.
3 N and M are next to each other with M at the bottom N on the top.
4 M is upper right to O.
5 U and V are next to each other with V on the right and U on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	right	1
1 F and Z are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 J is to the upper left of P.
3 Z and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom Z on the top.
4 R is above and to the left of F.
5 E is on top of F.
6 N is to the top-left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper left of X.
2 R presents below U.
3 The objects O and X are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
4 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object X.
5 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
6 T presents lower left to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 I is below and to the left of E.
2 K is on the right side to P.
3 C is to the bottom-left of Y.
4 P is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
5 Y is on the upper right of X.
6 K is placed at the bottom of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	left	1
1 E is over there and U is on the left of it.
2 E and H are parallel, and E on the right of H.
3 Z is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
4 B is at X’s 9 o'clock.
5 H is positioned in the top left corner of F.
6 S and H are side by side with H at the bottom and S on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	left	1
1 C is over there and Y is on the right of it.
2 Y presents over F.
3 B is placed on the top of V.
4 B is placed at the upper right of Y.
5 C is at A's 6 o'clock.
6 O is diagonally right and below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 I is at P's 12 o'clock.
2 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
3 G is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
4 Q is positioned left to W.
5 X is sitting in the right direction of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Z and R are both there with the object Z is to the left of object R.
2 The object M is positioned directly above the object Y.
3 Y is placed at the lower right of R.
4 D is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
5 G is south east of K.
6 L is sitting in the left direction of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
2 Q is on the right and V is on the left.
3 B is placed at the upper left of Q.
4 Q and K are next to each other with K at the bottom Q on the top.
5 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
6 V is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	left	1
1 B presents over T.
2 R is positioned left to T.
3 W and U are parallel, and W is to the left of U.
4 R is diagonally below A to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 H is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 A and G are parallel, and A is to the left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 H presents right to M.
2 A is over Q.
3 D and Z are parallel, and D is over Z.
4 D is diagonally to the upper right of M.
5 D is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 O is positioned down and to the left of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object J is positioned directly below the object B.
2 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
3 B is sitting in the left direction of T.
4 L is below E at 4 o'clock.
5 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
6 B is to the top of G vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 A is below and to the left of I.
2 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object W.
3 X presents lower left to V.
4 X is at the lower side of G.
5 R is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 A is below C and to the right of C.
2 C is positioned below L.
3 M is to the bottom left of A.
4 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
5 A is at the bottom of O vertically.
6 P is directly south west of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 U is below R at 7 o'clock.
4 R is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 W is north west of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 V presents below W.
2 K presents left to V.
3 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
4 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
5 V is sitting at the top position to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	left	1
1 C is placed at the lower left of F.
2 O is upper left of U.
3 Z is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 F is at T's 6 o'clock.
5 Z is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
6 S and F are horizontal and S is to the right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 N is positioned down and to the left of V.
2 V is sitting in the left direction of I.
3 O is at the bottom of I.
4 R and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
5 O is above Q at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 W is over there and C is on the right.
2 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
3 C is sitting at the lower right position to R.
4 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
5 Y is above and to the left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
2 V is upper right to J.
3 X is above Q at 10 o'clock.
4 G is directly north east of N.
5 X is sitting at the lower right position to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	above	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Q is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 N and Q are next to each other with N on the top and Q at the bottom.
4 K presents upper right to V.
5 N presents upper right to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 S is north west of R.
2 A is positioned below and to the right of S.
3 Y and A are side by side with Y to the left and A to the right.
4 Q is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
5 W is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 P is to the bottom-left of S.
2 P is above A with a small gap between them.
3 A is sitting at the lower right position to M.
4 I is sitting at the top position to O.
5 Z is sitting at the lower right position to D.
6 A is below D and to the left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower left position to K.
2 T and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
3 D is at the bottom of C vertically.
4 T is above W with a small gap between them.
5 N is above and to the left of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper left position to W.
2 T is directly south west of A.
3 M is north east of Q.
4 M is sitting at the upper right position to E.
5 W is placed at the lower right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	below	1
1 S and N are both there with the object S above the object N.
2 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 Q is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
4 If M is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
5 I and X are side by side with I on the top and X at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
2 K is on the upper right of M.
3 R is above and to the right of K.
4 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
5 T is diagonally right and below K.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
2 V is positioned below K.
3 L is upper left of Y.
4 B is below A.
5 K is to the left of L horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	below	1
1 N and I are vertical and N is below I.
2 The object N is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 X is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 J is to the upper left of A.
5 F is sitting at the lower right position to J.
6 If J is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 M and C are next to each other with C at the bottom M on the top.
2 G and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
3 M and H are side by side with M to the right and H to the left.
4 L is diagonally right and above U.
5 M is placed at the upper right of U.
6 Q is above W with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
2 K is above N and to the left of N.
3 F is above T with a small gap between them.
4 H is at K’s 9 o'clock.
5 V is north east of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Z and B are parallel, and B is below Z.
2 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
3 S is upper right to X.
4 V is south east of S.
5 V is diagonally left and below B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the lower right of V.
2 T is on the right side and top of D.
3 F is on the right side and below D.
4 O is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Z is north west of D.
6 H is above and to the left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 V and X are parallel, and V is on top of X.
2 D is over there and M is on the right of it.
3 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
4 D is over there and R is on the left of it.
5 I is to the bottom-right of R.
6 L is over there and R is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	above	1
1 U is on the lower right of L.
2 R is at the bottom and W is on the top.
3 R is directly south west of Y.
4 H and D are next to each other with H on the left and D on the right.
5 S and U are vertical and S is above U.
6 W is on the upper right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
4 Q is directly below D.
5 If J is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
6 O is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 B is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to F.
3 R is to the bottom-left of Q.
4 N is to the bottom left of Q.
5 W is at the lower side of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 K and T are parallel, and K is to the right of T.
2 O is above Y at 2 o'clock.
3 O and U are side by side with O on the top and U at the bottom.
4 I is below K and to the right of K.
5 B is above E and to the right of E.
6 U is upper right to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	right	1
1 U is placed at the lower left of Z.
2 B presents right to G.
3 J and W are both there with the object J is to the right of object W.
4 J is on the left side to G.
5 B is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	left	1
1 N is on the right and B is on the left.
2 H is at the bottom of R vertically.
3 G is over there and J is on the left of it.
4 H is positioned in the front right corner of O.
5 O is placed at the upper left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	below	1
1 J is to the top right of R.
2 F is to the top right of Q.
3 E is on the right side and top of M.
4 M is over there and R is on the right of it.
5 R is at the lower side of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	above	1
1 P is below and to the left of D.
2 X is on the left and P is on the right.
3 L is placed in the right direction of P.
4 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
5 A is north west of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	left	1
1 K is on the right side and below L.
2 X is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 P and Q are next to each other with P on the left and Q on the right.
4 N and X are parallel, and N on the left of X.
5 Q is below and to the right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	right	1
1 F is positioned down and to the left of T.
2 Y is to the upper left of X.
3 Y is positioned in the top left corner of B.
4 Object A is below object X and to the left of it, too.
5 T is north east of X.
6 W and P are next to each other with P at the bottom W on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	below	1
1 L is below M at 4 o'clock.
2 E is sitting at the top position to K.
3 V and P are side by side with V to the left and P to the right.
4 M is above V and to the left of V.
5 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	left	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 F is placed at the lower left of L.
3 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
4 P is over there and U is directly below it.
5 L and O are both there with the object O below the object L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 Q is on the upper right of S.
2 Z is to the upper left of I.
3 L is placed at the upper right of Z.
4 G is sitting at the upper right position to S.
5 V is on the lower right of K.
6 G and Z are both there with the object G above the object Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 S and A are next to each other with S on the left and A on the right.
2 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Z.
3 F and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
4 A is on the left side and above E.
5 I is placed at the bottom of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
2 F is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper righthand corner.
3 Q is to the right of I.
4 L is on the same vertical plane directly above A.
5 G is to the bottom-left of C.
6 K is below L with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	below	1
1 U is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 G is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 E is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 G is sitting in the right direction of Z.
5 E is over there and W is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the right side and below X.
2 O and W are next to each other with W on the right and O on the left.
3 O is on the left and Z is on the right.
4 G is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
5 U is at X's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 V and S are parallel, and V on the right of S.
2 The object K is positioned directly above the object S.
3 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
4 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
5 I and R are both there with the object I is to the right of object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and D is on the left.
2 U is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
3 O is to the top-right of M.
4 B is over there with C above.
5 M is on the right and C is on the left.
6 B is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	above	1
1 J is on the right and Y is on the left.
2 R is sitting at the upper right position to T.
3 S and K are both there with the object S is to the left of object K.
4 K is below I and to the left of I.
5 If S is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
6 K presents below T.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 A is at the lower side of Z.
2 S is over there with Q below.
3 K is positioned above Z.
4 F is positioned below K and to the right.
5 H and Z are both there with the object H is to the right of object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	below	1
1 H is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 O is to the bottom right of Y.
3 O is placed in the left direction of U.
4 Y is below H.
5 M is below Q and to the left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the left and B is on the right.
2 B is below N and to the right of N.
3 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
4 T is positioned below and to the right of O.
5 N is to the bottom right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 K is over there and W is on the right.
2 Object G is below object R and to the right of it, too.
3 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
4 I is sitting at the upper left position to G.
5 X and R are parallel, and X is to the left of R.
6 T is positioned in the top left corner of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	right	1
1 J and Z are both there with the object J is to the right of object Z.
2 W is at I's 3 o'clock.
3 N is below J at 4 o'clock.
4 W is positioned above and to the left of U.
5 J is positioned below U and to the right.
6 H is positioned up and to the right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
2 Q is sitting in the right direction of W.
3 T is over there and G is on the right of it.
4 H is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
5 N is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 H is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the right side and top of X.
2 L is upper right to V.
3 L is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
4 T and X are vertical and T is above X.
5 Z and I are horizontal and Z is to the left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	right	1
1 H is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
2 G presents lower right to Z.
3 W is on the left and H is on the right.
4 J is there and C is at the 2 position of a clock face J.
5 W is over there and K is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	right	1
1 M is to the left of F.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
3 D is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
4 M is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
5 F is at the lower side of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	right	1
1 N is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
2 Q is on the right side and top of E.
3 K presents lower left to E.
4 J and Q are horizontal and J is to the right of Q.
5 Y is to the upper left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object M.
2 D is on the same vertical plane directly above H.
3 T is on the right side and below M.
4 C is directly above M.
5 C is to the top-left of S.
6 O is sitting at the lower left position to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 T is over there and D is on the top of it.
3 If O is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
4 T and R are vertical and T is below R.
5 N is positioned left to Z.
6 R is sitting at the lower left position to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	above	1
1 D is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
3 M is upper right to I.
4 M is sitting at the lower position to X.
5 W is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 Q presents over Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	left	1
1 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
2 X and B are horizontal and X is to the left of B.
3 F and V are next to each other with F on the left and V on the right.
4 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
5 O is to the bottom-left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	left	1
1 F is over there and K is on the top of it.
2 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
3 K is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
5 Z is on the lower right of I.
6 K is on the top and T is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 F and S are both there with the object S below the object F.
2 The object I is positioned directly above the object G.
3 B is sitting at the lower position to G.
4 I is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
5 I is upper left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	below	1
1 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
2 I is diagonally to the upper right of A.
3 S is on the lower left of V.
4 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to I.
5 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
6 D and Y are parallel, and D is to the left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
2 Y is below D with a small gap between them.
3 R is above S and to the left of S.
4 M is below P with a small gap between them.
5 S is sitting at the top position to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 I is placed at the upper right of E.
3 E is on the left and C is on the right.
4 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
5 N is placed at the lower right of S.
6 P presents below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	right	1
1 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
2 P is placed at the lower left of W.
3 Z is positioned above and to the left of P.
4 H and S are parallel, and H on the right of S.
5 A is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	right	1
1 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
2 A and S are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
3 S is at the bottom and V is on the top.
4 S is over Z.
5 R is sitting in the left direction of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	below	1
1 X and Y are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 W is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 H is placed in the right direction of Y.
4 L is upper left of O.
5 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
6 R is to the top right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 G is below L with a small gap between them.
2 S is diagonally right and below O.
3 Y is positioned up and to the right of K.
4 The object G and Y are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
5 The object Y is positioned directly below the object B.
6 D is positioned down and to the left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 I is placed at the lower right of A.
2 Y presents lower left to I.
3 D presents below Z.
4 M is on the lower right of W.
5 D is on the right side and below A.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 V is diagonally right and above H.
2 Q and C are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
3 D is to the bottom-right of W.
4 H presents right to K.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 Q is to the bottom right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object R.
2 A is above Y.
3 R and M are next to each other with M at the bottom R on the top.
4 A is directly north east of R.
5 B is directly below E.
6 T and W are next to each other with T on the top and W at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 X is at D's 12 o'clock.
3 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
4 S is at the bottom and X is on the top.
5 L is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
6 X is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	below	1
1 F is placed at the lower left of T.
2 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 L is positioned left to U.
4 U is sitting at the lower position to H.
5 Z is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 S is at the bottom of Z.
2 P is over there and V is on the top of it.
3 K is placed on the top of Z.
4 R presents lower right to D.
5 P is south west of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 J is north west of L.
2 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
3 E and S are next to each other with E on the top and S at the bottom.
4 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
5 M is on the lower right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	right	1
1 M is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 J and O are parallel, and J is on top of O.
3 N is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object G.
5 C is positioned below S and to the left.
6 G is to the left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 G is positioned above and to the left of K.
3 If H is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
4 K is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
5 P is above K.
6 L and B are side by side with L on the top and B at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
2 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
3 J is placed in the right direction of I.
4 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
5 Z is on the right side and top of U.
6 O is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 N is directly above R.
2 B is below G with a small gap between them.
3 G is on the right side to V.
4 B and P are horizontal and B is to the right of P.
5 P is on the right side to U.
6 P is diagonally left and above P.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	below	1
1 L and J are side by side with L to the right and J to the left.
2 A is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
3 The objects T and C are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
4 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
5 F and A are both there with the object F above the object A.
6 U is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 J and E are vertical and J is above E.
2 Object N is above object P and to the left of it, too.
3 I is to the bottom-right of A.
4 A is below N at 4 o'clock.
5 Z presents right to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 L is sitting at the top position to J.
2 V is below and to the left of A.
3 N is positioned above J.
4 I is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
5 I is below L and to the left of L.
6 U is positioned above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object L is positioned directly above the object A.
2 W is above C at 10 o'clock.
3 A is positioned below and to the right of W.
4 S and J are parallel, and J is below S.
5 W is above I.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 L is over there with K below.
3 L and U are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
4 Q is below B at 7 o'clock.
5 M is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 L and D are vertical and L is above D.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 A is placed at the lower left of C.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
3 D is to the top-left of N.
4 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
5 C and K are side by side with C on the top and K at the bottom.
6 K presents over P.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the right of G.
2 M is diagonally to the upper left of X.
3 B and X are side by side with X at the bottom and B on the top.
4 C is positioned above K and to the right.
5 N is positioned below M and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	right	1
1 Z is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
3 T is placed on the top of R.
4 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
5 R is positioned below W and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 V is below and to the left of E.
2 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
3 I is below N at 7 o'clock.
4 L and K are next to each other with L on the left and K on the right.
5 V is sitting in the left direction of Q.
6 Object A is above object E and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 E and F are next to each other with F on the right and E on the left.
2 H is placed at the lower left of O.
3 E is to the top of M vertically.
4 G is to the top of M vertically.
5 G is to the top right of S.
6 W is above G with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	right	1
1 D is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 L is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 L is upper right to V.
4 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
5 U is at N's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 Y and G are next to each other with G on the right and Y on the left.
2 Y is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
3 Y is diagonally to the upper right of B.
4 X is over there and B is on the left of it.
5 T is to the bottom left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	right	1
1 Q is sitting in the right direction of E.
2 Z is placed at the bottom of T.
3 Q is directly above X.
4 J is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
5 D is to the top-right of E.
6 J is over there and X is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 O is above and to the left of Z.
2 The object T and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 E is over Y.
4 P is above and to the right of E.
5 Y is lower right of D.
6 U is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	right	1
1 Z is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 C is positioned above and to the left of N.
3 P is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 C and D are parallel, and C is on top of D.
5 H is above N at 2 o'clock.
6 B is directly above V.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	right	1
1 M is over there and T is directly below it.
2 E is at G's 6 o'clock.
3 T is below Q with a small gap between them.
4 S is above D with a small gap between them.
5 T is directly south west of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 P is directly north west of O.
2 L presents left to P.
3 U is at the bottom and S is on the top.
4 F is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
5 L is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is positioned directly above the object V.
2 V is positioned right to S.
3 T is on the right side and below B.
4 T is below V and to the right of V.
5 Z is on the left side of and below L.
6 N and V are parallel, and N is to the right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 X is positioned right to K.
2 Y is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
4 J is on top of Z.
5 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
6 L is directly south east of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	left	1
1 O and Z are parallel, and Z is below O.
2 M is at Y's 12 o'clock.
3 S is on the left side of and below H.
4 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
5 S and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
6 N is over there and H is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Z and K are horizontal and Z is to the left of K.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
3 D presents right to Z.
4 Object H is below object K and to the right of it, too.
5 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 P is positioned down and to the left of J.
2 W is directly south east of X.
3 P presents right to X.
4 R is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 P is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 E is over there and T is on the right of it.
2 L is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 W is on the top and T is at the bottom.
4 The object J is positioned below and to the right of the object W.
5 J is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
6 C presents lower right to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object X is positioned directly below the object P.
2 X is sitting at the upper left position to A.
3 B is on the right and O is on the left.
4 X is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
5 Y is placed at the lower left of X.
6 D is over there and A is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 E and P are parallel, and E is under P.
2 P is above A.
3 C and O are both there with the object C is to the right of object O.
4 J is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 O is to the top of A vertically.
6 D and U are next to each other with U at the bottom D on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	above	1
1 G is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Q is below and to the right of P.
3 P is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 U is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 J is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	right	1
1 O is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 W is diagonally right and above I.
3 H presents left to X.
4 The object J is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
5 H is below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 W is diagonally right and above I.
2 Z is above Q with a small gap between them.
3 W and O are next to each other with W on the left and O on the right.
4 U is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 I is diagonally to the upper right of R.
6 U and O are in a vertical line with U on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Object D is below object V and to the left of it, too.
2 N is on the upper right of I.
3 N is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
4 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
5 F is above I.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	above	1
1 B is placed at the lower left of W.
2 B is at M's 12 o'clock.
3 M is above N and to the left of N.
4 Q is lower left to B.
5 G is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
6 Q is below Y with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
2 H is positioned below B and to the left.
3 T and W are side by side with T to the left and W to the right.
4 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
5 P is on the top side to Z.
6 F is on the top and P is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	right	1
1 X is sitting at the top position to Y.
2 X and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
3 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
4 K and X are parallel, and K is to the right of X.
5 Object R is below object J and to the left of it, too.
6 E is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 N presents right to G.
2 X and J are parallel, and X on the left of J.
3 B is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
4 I is over there and R is on the right of it.
5 B is below I and to the left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	right	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
2 N is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
3 O is on the top of L and is on the same vertical plane.
4 B and M are parallel, and B is on top of M.
5 B is over there and Z is on the right of it.
6 G and B are parallel, and G is over B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 T is above and to the left of Y.
2 E is positioned above and to the left of T.
3 P is diagonally to the upper left of T.
4 Object Q is above object P and to the left of it, too.
5 S and H are parallel, and S is under H.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed on the top of U.
2 Z is sitting in the left direction of X.
3 P is to the bottom-left of A.
4 I presents upper left to H.
5 U is diagonally left and above U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 G is at the lower side of J.
2 V is on the upper right of G.
3 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
4 L is diagonally left and above L.
5 G is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	below	1
1 N and O are both there with the object N above the object O.
2 W is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
3 N is on the upper right of H.
4 J is to the bottom left of H.
5 H is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
6 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 W and B are in a vertical line with W on top.
2 L is north east of D.
3 D is below X at 7 o'clock.
4 G is positioned below U and to the left.
5 D and U are parallel, and D is on top of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	above	1
1 M is to the top-left of F.
2 Y is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 J is on the top side to M.
4 H is to the upper left of I.
5 I is sitting at the lower position to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object J.
2 I is north west of F.
3 E is above O with a small gap between them.
4 F is lower left to L.
5 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E and Y are vertical and E is below Y.
2 J is on the left and D is on the right.
3 C is positioned up and to the right of V.
4 A presents below C.
5 A is south east of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 X is on top of G.
2 Z is below U with a small gap between them.
3 A is to the bottom left of I.
4 U is directly south west of G.
5 U is lower left to F.
6 T is to the bottom-left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 U is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 X is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
3 H presents lower right to T.
4 T is sitting at the upper right position to I.
5 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
6 N is positioned up and to the right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	left	1
1 T and S are horizontal and T is to the left of S.
2 K is over there and I is on the right.
3 H is placed at the upper right of V.
4 I is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 E and I are in a vertical line with I below E.
6 V is diagonally right and above J.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 R is positioned above H and to the left.
3 R and W are in a vertical line with W below R.
4 Q is at the bottom of N vertically.
5 E and A are horizontal and E is to the right of A.
6 Y is on the left side of and below N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	above	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 D is positioned below I.
3 W is at O's 12 o'clock.
4 O is sitting at the lower position to E.
5 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	left	1
1 R is at X’s 9 o'clock.
2 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
3 N and M are parallel, and N is over M.
4 N is over there and B is directly below it.
5 B is diagonally right and below A.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 E is positioned above U.
2 G is over there with P below.
3 W is under H.
4 N is sitting at the top position to C.
5 U is diagonally left and below G.
6 H is at the bottom of P vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	above	1
1 W is directly south east of T.
2 N is to the bottom-left of C.
3 E and W are side by side with E to the right and W to the left.
4 G is diagonally to the upper left of K.
5 T is sitting at the upper left position to X.
6 G is placed in the right direction of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	right	1
1 J is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
2 J is positioned above Q and to the right.
3 I and Q are side by side with I to the right and Q to the left.
4 N is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
5 G presents lower right to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 R and S are both there with the object S below the object R.
2 G presents lower left to L.
3 S is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
4 If Y is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
5 P is placed at the bottom of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Y is above O at 2 o'clock.
2 I is to the top of Q vertically.
3 D is placed on the top of W.
4 H is directly south east of Y.
5 W is to the bottom-right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	right	1
1 N is on top of Z.
2 R is lower left to J.
3 T is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 B is on the left side of and below R.
5 B is directly below A.
6 If U is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	right	1
1 B and J are parallel, and B on the right of J.
2 F is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
3 J is over there with S below.
4 U is sitting in the left direction of C.
5 Y is above J with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	below	1
1 C is to the bottom-left of S.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
3 F and D are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
4 H is positioned up and to the right of Q.
5 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
2 T and J are side by side with J at the bottom and T on the top.
3 B and Z are next to each other with B on the top and Z at the bottom.
4 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
5 R is below Z and to the left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	below	1
1 B and E are both there with the object B above the object E.
2 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
3 T is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
4 E is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 P is positioned left to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 Y is directly above X.
3 X is to the bottom-right of C.
4 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
5 J is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
6 V is positioned below X and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	below	1
1 L is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 O and Q are parallel, and O is to the left of Q.
3 G is directly south east of W.
4 N is placed in the right direction of R.
5 K and Q are both there with the object K is to the left of object Q.
6 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object O.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the right side to R.
2 K is at the bottom of N.
3 D is upper left of J.
4 U and D are horizontal and U is to the right of D.
5 The object J and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
6 The object Q is positioned directly above the object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 W is directly north east of X.
2 W and A are next to each other with W on the top and A at the bottom.
3 Z is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
4 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
5 Q is at N's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	right	1
1 B presents lower left to J.
2 Z is above V at 10 o'clock.
3 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
4 I is over there and K is on the left of it.
5 Z is over there and T is directly below it.
6 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	below	1
1 F is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
2 A is positioned below T and to the right.
3 Y is to the bottom left of J.
4 C and A are parallel, and C is to the left of A.
5 T and S are vertical and T is above S.
6 H and A are next to each other with A at the bottom H on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 H is on the lower left of F.
3 P is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
4 Y is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 O is at the bottom and P is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	above	1
1 L is diagonally right and above E.
2 N is diagonally to the upper left of J.
3 J is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
4 M is sitting in the left direction of H.
5 U and L are parallel, and U is to the right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	above	1
1 U is at Q's 6 o'clock.
2 U is placed at the bottom of V.
3 Q is diagonally to the upper left of J.
4 S is to the top right of Q.
5 C is below and to the left of S.
6 K is directly north east of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the lower side of W.
2 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
3 X is below and to the left of A.
4 U is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 A is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
2 F and Y are parallel, and F on the left of Y.
3 Y and E are parallel, and Y is over E.
4 S is on the right side and below M.
5 I and P are vertical and I is above P.
6 P is positioned left to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	above	1
1 W is positioned below Z and to the left.
2 Q is on the left side of and below S.
3 W is placed at the upper left of S.
4 K is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
5 D is diagonally right and below C.
6 X and Z are parallel, and X on the right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 W presents left to D.
3 T is lower left to C.
4 P is over there and C is on the left.
5 X is over there and U is on the left of it.
6 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	right	1
1 Z is upper left of A.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
3 K is diagonally left and below Y.
4 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
5 A is below L at 7 o'clock.
6 If L is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object U and L are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 U is on the top side to Q.
3 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
4 L is positioned in the front right corner of N.
5 Object Z is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
3 I is positioned above Z and to the right.
4 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
5 V is to the bottom-left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the bottom left of L.
2 T is positioned above L.
3 J is on the right side to L.
4 U is to the bottom-left of J.
5 C and L are parallel, and C is to the right of L.
6 H is on the left side to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	left	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 I is directly above J.
3 S is placed at the bottom of B.
4 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
5 C is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
2 I and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
3 E is below U and to the right of U.
4 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
5 A and Y are in a vertical line with A on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 P and Y are parallel, and P on the left of Y.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 G and Y are both there with the object G is to the left of object Y.
4 L and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom L on the top.
5 G and X are parallel, and X is below G.
6 G is directly north east of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 O and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
2 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
3 S is positioned in the top left corner of D.
4 K is positioned above and to the left of Q.
5 If P is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
6 O is sitting at the top position to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 N and K are next to each other with K on the right and N on the left.
2 S is placed in the right direction of D.
3 V and N are in a vertical line with N below V.
4 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
5 K is sitting in the left direction of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	right	1
1 W is placed at the lower left of K.
2 N is on the right side to M.
3 V is positioned left to B.
4 N presents below A.
5 I presents over M.
6 A is positioned above and to the left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
2 U is over there with L above.
3 X is positioned left to L.
4 C is at E's 6 o'clock.
5 L is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object K and Y are there. The object Y is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 U is to the bottom-left of E.
3 Object B is below object U and to the left of it, too.
4 E is diagonally left and below P.
5 E presents lower right to X.
6 B is below F with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	below	1
1 X is diagonally right and below E.
2 J is over there with H above.
3 I is positioned left to R.
4 M is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
5 I is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
6 N is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	left	1
1 L is placed at the lower left of D.
2 U is diagonally left and below D.
3 A and I are parallel, and A is on top of I.
4 J is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 H and U are vertical and H is above U.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 F is to the left of L.
2 G is at the bottom and C is on the top.
3 G presents left to T.
4 N is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 Object F is below object T and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 W is diagonally left and above W.
2 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
3 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
4 M and W are next to each other with W on the right and M on the left.
5 M is below and to the left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 Z is to the bottom-left of I.
3 R is over there and W is on the right.
4 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
5 The object A is positioned directly below the object Q.
6 A is at I’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	below	1
1 D and K are both there with the object D is to the left of object K.
2 K is directly south east of E.
3 J is positioned above and to the left of O.
4 G is over there and E is on the right.
5 W is diagonally left and below E.
6 W and F are horizontal and W is to the right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 I is directly above P.
2 I and C are both there with the object I is to the left of object C.
3 H is placed at the bottom of R.
4 Object O is above object A and to the left of it, too.
5 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
6 E is on the upper right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 L and D are side by side with L to the left and D to the right.
2 H is above D.
3 S and D are side by side with S to the right and D to the left.
4 H is diagonally right and below R.
5 B is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the left side and above A.
2 J is at the bottom of H vertically.
3 P is on top of U.
4 D is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
5 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
6 J is over there with D below.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 The object F and M are there. The object F is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 C is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
3 W presents lower left to C.
4 X is over there and H is on the left.
5 W is diagonally to the upper right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 J and E are side by side with J to the left and E to the right.
2 V is to the upper left of G.
3 If G is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
4 E is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
5 A is to the bottom left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	left	1
1 H is to the bottom right of S.
2 D is over there with S below.
3 Q is to the bottom-left of G.
4 L is directly south east of E.
5 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
6 S is diagonally to the upper left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
2 J is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
4 G presents lower left to U.
5 V is sitting at the upper left position to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	left	1
1 Y is over there and R is on the left.
2 B is sitting at the top position to J.
3 T is over there with O above.
4 U is diagonally right and above R.
5 R is on the left side to T.
6 Y is placed at the upper right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	right	1
1 N is diagonally left and below V.
2 T is below and to the left of N.
3 N is to the top right of E.
4 S and T are parallel, and S on the right of T.
5 The object D and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
2 If R is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
3 D is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
4 A is at F’s 9 o'clock.
5 V is sitting at the upper right position to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	below	1
1 U presents upper right to D.
2 E is at the bottom of K and is on the same vertical plane.
3 N and B are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
4 N is placed in the left direction of X.
5 U is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 E is on the left side to H.
2 K is placed in the left direction of C.
3 C is over there with R below.
4 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
5 Y is placed at the bottom of O.
6 R is positioned below and to the right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 J is placed in the left direction of H.
2 M is to the left of L horizontally.
3 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object W.
4 W is sitting at the lower right position to J.
5 U presents lower left to J.
6 The objects K and U are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 O is above W at 10 o'clock.
2 T and A are parallel, and T is under A.
3 Q is on the upper right of O.
4 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
5 C is to the upper left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the lower right of T.
2 P is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 F is on the right side and top of J.
4 L is positioned below Y and to the left.
5 L is positioned below and to the right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 W and N are next to each other with N on the right and W on the left.
2 The objects N and Z are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
3 Object V is below object W and to the left of it, too.
4 D is diagonally left and above D.
5 B presents lower right to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 D is over V.
2 N presents upper right to R.
3 I is over there and V is on the top of it.
4 The object F and I are there. The object F is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
5 I is to the bottom right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the bottom left of J.
2 C is at the bottom and G is on the top.
3 If T is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
4 B is sitting at the lower left position to G.
5 C is above E and to the left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	below	1
1 M presents lower right to F.
2 J is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 N and H are parallel, and N is over H.
4 T is to the bottom-right of N.
5 J is upper left of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	left	1
1 S is below and to the right of P.
2 B is on the right side and below J.
3 If Y is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
4 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
5 H is positioned above B and to the left.
6 I is over there with J below.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 B is at the bottom and V is on the top.
2 B is placed at the bottom of X.
3 If R is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
4 M is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 M and Y are next to each other with M on the left and Y on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 A is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
3 E is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
4 E is positioned down and to the left of D.
5 The objects Y and Z are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	right	1
1 M is above F and to the left of F.
2 B is positioned in the top left corner of N.
3 F is upper right to J.
4 C is on the top side to W.
5 J and L are vertical and J is above L.
6 B is positioned below J and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 Q is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
3 Q is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Z is over there and B is on the left of it.
5 K is at the bottom of W vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 I and M are both there with the object I is to the left of object M.
2 W is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
3 U is on the upper right of X.
4 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
5 Y is to the right of Q.
6 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	right	1
1 J is sitting at the lower left position to O.
2 O is over H.
3 M is positioned below C and to the left.
4 L is on the left side and above E.
5 M is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
2 E is at V's 6 o'clock.
3 K is above Q at 10 o'clock.
4 U is below W and to the left of W.
5 U is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 H is directly below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 I is at Q's 6 o'clock.
2 K and M are parallel, and K is to the right of M.
3 M is over there and I is on the right.
4 H is positioned below W and to the left.
5 V is above K and to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 U is placed in the left direction of K.
3 V is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 J presents lower right to S.
5 T is below J at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
2 N is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
4 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
5 M is on top of C.
6 Z is positioned above L and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
2 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object P.
3 P is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
4 X is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
5 P is placed at the upper left of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the right side and top of F.
2 K and C are next to each other with K on the left and C on the right.
3 C is positioned down and to the left of S.
4 S is placed on the top of H.
5 B is positioned below S and to the right.
6 K is to the bottom left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 T is on the right and A is on the left.
2 J is positioned above R and to the right.
3 Object M is below object I and to the left of it, too.
4 Z is under M.
5 K is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
6 T is positioned left to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	right	1
1 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
2 E is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
3 J is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
4 J is directly south east of T.
5 B and O are horizontal and B is to the right of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	above	1
1 H and V are side by side with H on the top and V at the bottom.
2 The object K is positioned directly below the object G.
3 S is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
4 O is over there and I is on the right.
5 E is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
6 Object O is above object S and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	right	1
1 I is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 M and I are horizontal and M is to the left of I.
3 I is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 P and Y are horizontal and P is to the right of Y.
5 E is on the right side and below V.
6 M is below F.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	below	1
1 V is directly north east of L.
2 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
3 M is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 N is at the lower side of L.
5 R is on top of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
2 U is on the lower left of K.
3 C is to the left of U.
4 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
5 C presents upper right to I.
6 I is positioned up and to the right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 T is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
4 C is sitting at the lower right position to E.
5 P presents lower left to S.
6 X is to the top-right of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the upper right of L.
2 T is to the bottom-right of G.
3 C is lower left to R.
4 Z is above W with a small gap between them.
5 N presents over W.
6 W is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 K and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and K on the left.
2 E and X are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
3 G and J are horizontal and G is to the right of J.
4 G is on the right and X is on the left.
5 Y presents upper left to E.
6 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	left	1
1 M is diagonally left and below A.
2 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
3 W is positioned above F.
4 B is to the top-right of M.
5 If M is the center of a clock face, U is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
2 Q is over there with V below.
3 V and U are next to each other with V on the left and U on the right.
4 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
5 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	right	1
1 K is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 V is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 A is above Z with a small gap between them.
4 I is to the bottom right of J.
5 I is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 M is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 P is above M at 2 o'clock.
3 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
4 T is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 H is below M and to the left of M.
6 L and Y are side by side with L to the right and Y to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 Q is north west of A.
2 R is placed in the left direction of X.
3 R is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 P is at U's 6 o'clock.
5 P is to the left of X horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 Z is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 G is sitting at the lower position to R.
4 F is on the right side and top of A.
5 S is to the upper left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 C is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
3 Object B is below object W and to the right of it, too.
4 S is below N.
5 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
6 Q is at E's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 S presents lower left to M.
2 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
3 The object Z is positioned directly below the object Q.
4 Q is directly south west of V.
5 Z and G are parallel, and Z is to the left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the upper left of X.
2 Object O is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
3 C is below and to the right of S.
4 W and I are parallel, and W is to the right of I.
5 H is placed at the lower right of S.
6 X and H are both there with the object X is to the right of object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	left	1
1 A is south east of E.
2 U is on the top side to A.
3 A and M are both there with the object A above the object M.
4 K is to the top of D vertically.
5 If E is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
2 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
3 F is sitting at the lower right position to P.
4 A is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 M and K are vertical and M is above K.
6 A is diagonally to the upper right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned above W and to the right.
2 J is on the right side and top of T.
3 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
4 U and T are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
5 W is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting at the lower position to H.
2 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
3 G is positioned below and to the right of U.
4 B is below and to the right of Z.
5 I is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	right	1
1 G is to the top-right of N.
2 E is above S.
3 J is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
4 S is at the bottom of K.
5 N and K are parallel, and N is to the left of K.
6 V and Z are in a vertical line with Z below V.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
2 N and S are next to each other with S at the bottom N on the top.
3 B is to the right of N.
4 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
5 T is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
6 Q is north west of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	left	1
1 U is diagonally right and below J.
2 Z is sitting in the left direction of A.
3 P is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
4 A is sitting at the upper right position to M.
5 Q is on top of Z.
6 W is above M at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	below	1
1 W and S are vertical and W is below S.
2 K is positioned in the front right corner of J.
3 L is below U at 7 o'clock.
4 W is over there and N is on the left.
5 If Q is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
6 S is to the top-left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower left position to P.
2 F is diagonally above Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 R is at E's 6 o'clock.
4 K and P are in a vertical line with P below K.
5 F is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
6 Z is on the left side to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 X is lower right of I.
2 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
3 G presents left to X.
4 Y is at P's 6 o'clock.
5 G and P are side by side with G to the left and P to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	right	1
1 T and G are next to each other with T on the left and G on the right.
2 G is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
3 Y is directly south west of E.
4 X is over there with J above.
5 O is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 C is north east of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object C and G are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 L is at X's 6 o'clock.
3 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
4 L and C are side by side with L on the top and C at the bottom.
5 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
6 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	above	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 V is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
3 T is to the right of E.
4 H is positioned left to P.
5 S is directly below I.
6 E is above V at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	below	1
1 E and B are parallel, and E on the right of B.
2 D is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
3 E is positioned left to Q.
4 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
5 A is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 D is over there with M below.
2 M is directly below I.
3 C and Q are both there with the object C is to the left of object Q.
4 W is on the left side to Y.
5 Q is below D and to the left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	left	1
1 W is to the right of V horizontally.
2 W is at K's 12 o'clock.
3 N is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 D is on top of U.
5 Q is over there and V is on the right of it.
6 V is diagonally right and above J.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	left	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
2 X is positioned below B and to the left.
3 E is placed in the left direction of H.
4 G is north west of Y.
5 Y is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 S is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Z is placed in the left direction of M.
2 U and K are vertical and U is above K.
3 K and M are both there with the object M below the object K.
4 B is sitting in the left direction of D.
5 L is placed in the left direction of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	below	1
1 I is on the upper right of C.
2 K is positioned up and to the right of N.
3 D is positioned down and to the left of N.
4 K is over G.
5 Q and K are parallel, and Q is to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 P and T are horizontal and P is to the left of T.
2 E is lower left to A.
3 U is at the bottom and W is on the top.
4 The objects Y and P are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
5 M is below T.
6 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	right	1
1 The object I and E are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 U and K are both there with the object K below the object U.
3 L is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
4 O and E are both there with the object O above the object E.
5 O is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 O is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	above	1
1 M is on the left side of and below N.
2 T is north east of N.
3 O and T are in a vertical line with O on top.
4 M is sitting at the lower right position to R.
5 C is above V at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	below	1
1 Q and X are in a vertical line with Q on top.
2 H is on top of J.
3 L is on top of Q.
4 I is positioned in the front right corner of O.
5 Q is below and to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	left	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
3 S is directly above A.
4 K and G are parallel, and G is below K.
5 Object H is below object F and to the left of it, too.
6 K is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 S is at the bottom of N.
2 I is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 Object B is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
4 S is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 R is above C at 10 o'clock.
6 S is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 K and G are both there with the object K is to the right of object G.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 If L is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
4 G is over there with S above.
5 X is at the bottom of R.
6 W is lower left to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	right	1
1 U is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 G is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
3 U is on the right and Y is on the left.
4 U is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 M is below A at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 G is placed at the upper right of R.
3 Object E is below object R and to the left of it, too.
4 I and F are in a vertical line with F below I.
5 J is diagonally right and above Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 R is south east of Z.
2 Q is to the top-right of P.
3 P is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 R is over there and L is directly above it.
5 C is positioned below F and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 D is upper right to X.
2 T is upper right to F.
3 X is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
4 Q is over there and U is on the left of it.
5 Q is on the left side and above D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 W and Q are parallel, and W on the left of Q.
2 S is above G and to the right of G.
3 K is on the left side to N.
4 G is to the bottom-right of T.
5 S is placed in the left direction of K.
6 G is at the bottom of R vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
2 T and W are next to each other with T on the top and W at the bottom.
3 Z is positioned below W.
4 H is on the right side and below I.
5 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	below	1
1 O is placed on the top of W.
2 O is at Q's 6 o'clock.
3 N is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
4 P and Q are horizontal and P is to the right of Q.
5 P is at the bottom of I.
6 D is above P with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the top position to G.
2 V is to the left of Y.
3 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
4 N is placed at the bottom of K.
5 D is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 V is directly north west of M.
2 The object K is positioned directly below the object C.
3 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
4 M is on the left and X is on the right.
5 X is on the right and A is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there and H is directly below it.
2 S is to the bottom-left of H.
3 F is above and to the left of R.
4 A is positioned below J.
5 S is below and to the left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 P is directly north east of C.
2 I is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 F is over there and P is on the right of it.
4 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
5 H is over there and Y is on the top of it.
6 P is placed in the left direction of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Y is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 B is directly south east of T.
3 Object D is above object G and to the left of it, too.
4 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to F.
5 Object P is above object F and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 U is south west of J.
2 E is on the left side of and below O.
3 N and O are parallel, and N on the right of O.
4 N is to the left of Q horizontally.
5 O is positioned below S and to the right.
6 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	right	1
1 V is on the left side to Y.
2 A is over there and U is on the right of it.
3 O is diagonally right and above I.
4 U is below O at 4 o'clock.
5 O is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
6 P and U are parallel, and U is below P.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	right	1
1 O and U are parallel, and O is under U.
2 I and H are next to each other with H on the right and I on the left.
3 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
4 Q is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 I is to the top right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 Z is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
3 L is to the left of E.
4 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
5 K is upper right to Y.
6 K is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	above	1
1 D presents lower left to P.
2 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 F is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
4 F is below and to the right of A.
5 Y is on the left side of and below D.
6 R is at the bottom of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 T is diagonally right and above X.
2 D is diagonally right and below X.
3 D is at the bottom of M.
4 J presents upper right to D.
5 H is positioned below A and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face M.
2 Q is directly south west of E.
3 R is to the top right of T.
4 P is positioned right to Q.
5 E is directly above J.
6 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of J.
2 T is placed at the upper left of J.
3 O is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
4 O is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 K is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 L is positioned in the front right corner of H.
2 C and F are both there with the object C is to the right of object F.
3 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
4 L is to the bottom-right of C.
5 S is below L with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 Q is positioned below R and to the right.
2 N is diagonally left and below V.
3 U and K are both there with the object U is to the left of object K.
4 The object E is positioned directly above the object Q.
5 E is to the upper left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 A presents lower left to T.
2 J is placed at the upper right of A.
3 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
4 E is placed at the upper left of S.
5 F is below A.
6 F and M are side by side with F to the right and M to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	below	1
1 E is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 I is positioned below C and to the right.
3 K is placed at the upper left of Z.
4 L and K are next to each other with L on the left and K on the right.
5 K is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 L is diagonally to the upper left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 The objects S and O are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
3 L is on top of E.
4 K is diagonally left and above K.
5 K and J are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
6 S is over K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	right	1
1 S is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 G is there and X is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
3 G is above B and to the left of B.
4 I presents upper left to Y.
5 X is directly south east of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
2 S is below U.
3 A presents left to F.
4 A is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
6 C and Z are parallel, and C on the right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the bottom of K.
2 T is on the right and L is on the left.
3 Object L is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
4 K is to the bottom-left of A.
5 E and T are parallel, and E is to the right of T.
6 I is positioned up and to the right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
2 S and B are parallel, and S is to the right of B.
3 C and H are in a vertical line with C on top.
4 E is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 B and P are next to each other with B on the left and P on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting in the right direction of E.
2 O is directly above Z.
3 L is over there with M below.
4 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
5 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
6 U is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object Y and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 R is over there with X below.
3 T is diagonally to the upper left of S.
4 Q and S are horizontal and Q is to the left of S.
5 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
6 Object X is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the lower position to I.
2 M is positioned above U and to the right.
3 T is diagonally left and below X.
4 L is on the lower right of N.
5 N is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
6 L is on the left and X is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	left	1
1 A is positioned below F.
2 D is on the top side to K.
3 P is directly south west of I.
4 Object B is below object D and to the left of it, too.
5 K is positioned below F and to the right.
6 D and O are both there with the object D above the object O.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	above	1
1 M is directly south east of H.
2 M is to the upper left of U.
3 F is to the upper left of T.
4 J is over there and U is on the left of it.
5 F and H are parallel, and F is over H.
6 V is sitting in the right direction of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 G is directly below D.
2 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
3 O is placed at the lower left of I.
4 H and I are in a vertical line with I below H.
5 K is diagonally right and below I.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	above	1
1 W is below S at 4 o'clock.
2 T presents right to O.
3 T and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
4 Object Y is below object R and to the left of it, too.
5 E and Y are side by side with E on the top and Y at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	left	1
1 G is on the left side to F.
2 C and N are parallel, and C is over N.
3 J is placed on the top of T.
4 C and U are both there with the object C above the object U.
5 V and C are vertical and V is above C.
6 T is to the top-right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 Z is diagonally right and above D.
3 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
4 Z and X are parallel, and X is below Z.
5 B and K are parallel, and B is to the right of K.
6 K is below and to the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to U.
2 U and B are next to each other with U on the top and B at the bottom.
3 A is placed at the upper left of G.
4 E is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
5 N is positioned below S and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the upper left position to S.
2 J and O are parallel, and J is to the right of O.
3 X is diagonally right and above K.
4 O and B are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
5 X is to the top-right of B.
6 J is on the right side and top of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 I is directly south west of Z.
3 C is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
4 L is on top of K.
5 C is placed at the lower right of L.
6 Y is on the upper right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there with G below.
2 Q is over E.
3 The object T is positioned directly above the object M.
4 E is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 G is placed at the upper left of R.
6 J is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the left of U.
2 V and L are parallel, and V is to the left of L.
3 U and R are next to each other with U on the top and R at the bottom.
4 S is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 I and M are vertical and I is below M.
6 P is over there with V above.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the top-left of B.
2 Z and E are next to each other with Z on the left and E on the right.
3 B is positioned below H and to the left.
4 K is to the left of B.
5 M is above F at 2 o'clock.
6 H and E are parallel, and H on the right of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 P is above R at 10 o'clock.
2 R is on top of M.
3 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
4 P is at the bottom and J is on the top.
5 K and U are parallel, and K is to the right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 P is over there with K below.
2 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
3 G is placed at the upper left of X.
4 Q is on the right and I is on the left.
5 K is below X.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	below	1
1 D is to the left of F horizontally.
2 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
3 G is below I at 7 o'clock.
4 I is on the right side to L.
5 The objects F and I are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is diagonally left and below Y.
3 C is on top of T.
4 The object I and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
5 D is on the top and B is at the bottom.
6 T is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Z is below M and to the right of M.
2 F and Y are parallel, and F is to the left of Y.
3 R is north west of Z.
4 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled Z.
5 M and U are horizontal and M is to the left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 I is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
4 P is over there and O is on the right.
5 W is directly north east of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	right	1
1 E is to the bottom-left of K.
2 M is south west of E.
3 Object T is above object L and to the left of it, too.
4 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
5 E is to the left of T horizontally.
6 Q is to the top-right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	right	1
1 X presents over D.
2 J is on the top and X is at the bottom.
3 H is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 S is sitting at the top position to X.
5 F is positioned below and to the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of O.
2 J is on the right side to O.
3 M is directly below K.
4 Z is positioned above X.
5 F presents right to X.
6 J is below F at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	left	1
1 S is to the left of R.
2 A is to the bottom-left of S.
3 M and S are parallel, and M is on top of S.
4 The object H is positioned directly above the object D.
5 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
6 M is positioned above and to the left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned left to K.
2 T presents left to N.
3 L is at the bottom of K and is on the same vertical plane.
4 R is to the right of B horizontally.
5 R is to the top-right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	above	1
1 H is placed at the bottom of U.
2 Q is upper right to R.
3 Q is over there with P below.
4 Q is north east of H.
5 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 J is over there and S is on the left of it.
2 J and E are parallel, and J is on top of E.
3 E is above and to the right of V.
4 M is over there and Q is on the left of it.
5 I and V are side by side with I on the top and V at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	right	1
1 S presents lower left to C.
2 A is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 C and D are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
4 W is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 O is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 K is at F's 3 o'clock.
3 H is on the right side and top of K.
4 H is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 W is to the left of J horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned below R.
2 P presents lower left to T.
3 Y and H are both there with the object Y is to the right of object H.
4 Y is sitting at the lower right position to D.
5 T is on the right and D is on the left.
6 T is sitting at the top position to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object L and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 R is over there and I is on the left of it.
3 K and P are parallel, and K is to the left of P.
4 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
5 L is below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the upper left of M.
2 P is to the bottom left of C.
3 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
4 S is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 G is sitting at the lower right position to O.
6 M is sitting in the right direction of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 I is above W at 10 o'clock.
2 I is on the upper right of R.
3 F presents left to C.
4 K is to the top of Q vertically.
5 C is to the bottom right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 V is placed at the upper right of C.
3 V is to the bottom right of E.
4 Q is at the lower side of E.
5 Y is to the left of M horizontally.
6 The object N is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 O and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom O on the top.
2 Z and M are parallel, and M is below Z.
3 D is placed on the top of V.
4 E is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
5 N is above E and to the right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 B is below C with a small gap between them.
2 U is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
3 K is to the top-right of C.
4 O is to the right of W.
5 C is above D at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the top position to O.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
3 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
4 M is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
5 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	left	1
1 V is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 P is on the same vertical plane directly below A.
3 P is positioned in the front right corner of O.
4 I and T are parallel, and I on the right of T.
5 V and X are horizontal and V is to the left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	above	1
1 V and J are parallel, and V on the left of J.
2 The object G and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 O is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
4 L and G are parallel, and L is over G.
5 J is south west of L.
6 Object J is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	right	1
1 E is positioned down and to the left of K.
2 V is below U with a small gap between them.
3 Y is sitting at the lower left position to P.
4 V is positioned down and to the left of R.
5 K and U are parallel, and K on the right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	above	1
1 D is over there with J above.
2 J is sitting at the lower left position to N.
3 J is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
4 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
5 R is above J at 2 o'clock.
6 D is positioned down and to the left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	below	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
2 A is to the top-left of H.
3 C and K are parallel, and K is below C.
4 H is on the left and C is on the right.
5 C is on the left and B is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	right	1
1 O is on the right side and top of Z.
2 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 A is on the top side to Z.
4 O is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
5 L and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
6 J and Z are horizontal and J is to the right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E is at O's 12 o'clock.
2 B is diagonally to the upper right of T.
3 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
4 R is directly above F.
5 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
6 F is over there and M is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 N and R are parallel, and N is to the left of R.
2 Y and Z are next to each other with Y on the left and Z on the right.
3 K is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 K and T are parallel, and K is over T.
5 K is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the upper left of Q.
2 D is diagonally right and below W.
3 F is at the lower side of U.
4 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
5 Z is north west of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the bottom right of K.
2 K and Q are next to each other with K on the left and Q on the right.
3 Z is south west of I.
4 I and K are parallel, and I is to the right of K.
5 I is on the top and G is at the bottom.
6 V is to the top-right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 C and S are parallel, and S is below C.
2 O is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 P is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
4 L is at the bottom of O vertically.
5 L is over there with R below.
6 M and G are next to each other with G at the bottom M on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 X and S are side by side with X to the right and S to the left.
2 S is placed at the upper left of M.
3 G and M are both there with the object G above the object M.
4 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
5 J is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
6 K is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 V is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 V is placed at the bottom of P.
3 D is over there and O is directly below it.
4 N is above R at 10 o'clock.
5 R is on the top and D is at the bottom.
6 B is diagonally left and below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 D and N are parallel, and D on the right of N.
2 F is sitting at the lower position to U.
3 K is over there and H is directly below it.
4 D and H are next to each other with D on the left and H on the right.
5 S is below and to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	above	1
1 T is at the bottom of O.
2 A is sitting at the upper left position to U.
3 P and A are side by side with A at the bottom and P on the top.
4 P is positioned up and to the right of W.
5 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the lower left of N.
2 N and V are vertical and N is above V.
3 I is placed at the bottom of V.
4 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
5 E presents below W.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	below	1
1 D is on the right side to S.
2 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
4 W is positioned below A and to the right.
5 M and U are side by side with U at the bottom and M on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	right	1
1 G presents below P.
2 K is on the upper right of G.
3 Z is placed in the left direction of K.
4 Y is on the left side and above W.
5 G is positioned left to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 O is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
3 I and S are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
4 O is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
5 M is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 Y and A are both there with the object A below the object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	left	1
1 G is on the left side to H.
2 P and H are both there with the object P is to the left of object H.
3 L is placed in the right direction of O.
4 Object O is above object C and to the left of it, too.
5 M is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face M.
6 G is over there and O is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 M is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
2 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
3 L is on the upper right of J.
4 I and J are both there with the object I is to the right of object J.
5 D is above W at 2 o'clock.
6 I is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 B is over there and F is directly below it.
2 L is on the right side and below Z.
3 W is at Z's 6 o'clock.
4 A is diagonally right and above H.
5 L is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	left	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 J is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
4 T and X are horizontal and T is to the right of X.
5 D is above and to the right of M.
6 J is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to C.
3 M is positioned in the front right corner of E.
4 T and E are both there with the object T is to the right of object E.
5 I presents below O.
6 O is placed in the right direction of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
2 R is sitting at the upper right position to H.
3 X is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
4 V and B are vertical and V is below B.
5 Object F is below object D and to the right of it, too.
6 O is diagonally left and below R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 C and T are in a vertical line with C on top.
2 F is lower left to H.
3 The objects V and R are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
4 A is positioned above and to the left of F.
5 T is north west of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 U is on the right side and top of Q.
2 Q is on the left side to N.
3 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
4 M is diagonally left and below O.
5 D is upper left of T.
6 If U is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 S is below Y and to the left of Y.
2 Object T is above object J and to the left of it, too.
3 Y is north east of F.
4 F is positioned below I and to the left.
5 C is north west of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 U is positioned below K and to the right.
2 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
3 X and Q are side by side with X to the left and Q to the right.
4 K is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 O is over there and U is on the left of it.
6 P is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 Q is to the top-right of X.
2 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
3 B is over there with Q below.
4 Object I is below object T and to the left of it, too.
5 X is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	above	1
1 L and R are parallel, and R is below L.
2 P and J are vertical and P is above J.
3 H is positioned below Q and to the right.
4 D is positioned above O and to the left.
5 O is at the bottom of H.
6 J and H are vertical and J is above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	below	1
1 N is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 E is over there and N is directly above it.
3 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
4 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
5 N is below G at 4 o'clock.
6 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 Q is below Y and to the left of Y.
2 G is directly south east of K.
3 E is sitting at the lower right position to Q.
4 O is over there and Y is on the left of it.
5 O is positioned down and to the left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 P is over there with J below.
2 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 U is placed in the left direction of D.
4 P is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 N is placed at the upper right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 P is placed on the top of O.
2 T is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
3 Z is below P and to the right of P.
4 T is placed in the left direction of Z.
5 E is sitting at the upper right position to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	below	1
1 S is on the top side to Q.
2 Y is at the lower side of U.
3 I is directly south east of Y.
4 B is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
5 U is on top of S.
6 I is positioned in the front right corner of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	above	1
1 T is on the upper right of H.
2 I and Z are parallel, and Z is below I.
3 Object H is above object E and to the left of it, too.
4 E and V are parallel, and E is under V.
5 E is placed on the top of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 J is above and to the right of G.
2 I presents lower right to V.
3 T and A are vertical and T is above A.
4 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
5 X is to the left of Q horizontally.
6 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L presents lower right to J.
2 N is above and to the left of C.
3 X is on the right and L is on the left.
4 X is positioned above N and to the right.
5 I and K are horizontal and I is to the left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	left	1
1 D is positioned above A and to the left.
2 Object G is above object R and to the left of it, too.
3 K is to the left of A.
4 N is north east of Y.
5 G and K are next to each other with K at the bottom G on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	below	1
1 O presents over U.
2 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
3 C is to the bottom right of L.
4 B is below Y at 4 o'clock.
5 Y presents below U.
6 M is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 C is above K and to the right of K.
2 K is placed in the right direction of H.
3 C and O are parallel, and C is under O.
4 W is directly south east of I.
5 D is on top of H.
6 Object F is below object C and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
2 K and D are in a vertical line with K on top.
3 P and S are horizontal and P is to the left of S.
4 Q is below C at 7 o'clock.
5 J is on the right and L is on the left.
6 K is directly south west of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 Y is placed at the bottom of S.
2 Y is over there and J is on the left of it.
3 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
4 L is to the left of Y.
5 Q is above U and to the left of U.
6 E is positioned above M and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 V is below and to the right of J.
3 W is above and to the right of T.
4 U is at X’s 9 o'clock.
5 H is above O at 2 o'clock.
6 X is on the right side and below T.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	below	1
1 N is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 G and E are parallel, and G is on top of E.
3 M is positioned below Z and to the right.
4 V is on the left side of and below N.
5 M is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
6 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 N is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
2 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
3 A and Y are parallel, and A on the left of Y.
4 Q is at the lower side of H.
5 M is at the bottom of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	below	1
1 J is over L.
2 S is to the bottom-left of R.
3 L and E are vertical and L is below E.
4 L is to the right of O.
5 B is positioned left to P.
6 Object P is above object J and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	above	1
1 I is on the right side and top of Y.
2 A is diagonally left and above A.
3 R is sitting at the lower right position to G.
4 A is over there and I is on the right.
5 O is to the bottom left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 K presents right to Y.
2 Z is to the top of T vertically.
3 P and J are both there with the object P is to the right of object J.
4 B is on the left and J is on the right.
5 B and Y are parallel, and B is over Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 X is south west of Y.
2 N and L are next to each other with N on the left and L on the right.
3 G is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 F is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
5 L is positioned below Y.
6 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 H is above Y with a small gap between them.
2 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
3 H is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 Y and V are parallel, and Y is under V.
5 V is directly north west of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 H is under W.
2 L presents left to Y.
3 H is south east of V.
4 M is under B.
5 W is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 H is placed in the right direction of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
2 N is to the top right of X.
3 Y and D are parallel, and Y on the left of D.
4 N is over there and Y is directly above it.
5 S is placed at the lower left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	right	1
1 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
2 V is diagonally left and below L.
3 S is at U's 12 o'clock.
4 C and U are next to each other with C on the left and U on the right.
5 H is positioned right to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	below	1
1 W is sitting at the upper right position to M.
2 U is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object R.
4 Z presents lower left to C.
5 M is to the left of Q horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
2 Y and N are parallel, and Y is on top of N.
3 U and J are side by side with J at the bottom and U on the top.
4 D is to the bottom-left of B.
5 D is above Y and to the left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 A presents lower right to L.
2 I is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 U is positioned right to Y.
4 L presents over O.
5 L is below U and to the left of U.
6 X is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object N is positioned directly above the object P.
2 Y is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 T is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
4 P is directly north east of M.
5 P and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
6 Object B is below object P and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	below	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 B and I are side by side with B to the right and I to the left.
3 D is below and to the left of U.
4 Object P is above object R and to the left of it, too.
5 P is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
2 X and T are next to each other with T at the bottom X on the top.
3 Object K is below object J and to the right of it, too.
4 L and R are next to each other with R at the bottom L on the top.
5 N and R are side by side with N to the left and R to the right.
6 O and J are next to each other with J on the right and O on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	left	1
1 R and Y are vertical and R is above Y.
2 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
3 R is to the upper left of G.
4 Y is over there and B is on the right of it.
5 Y is above A.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the upper right position to O.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, O is located between 10 and 11.
3 S is sitting at the lower left position to M.
4 P is on the same vertical plane directly above H.
5 Z is directly south west of Q.
6 P and Q are next to each other with P on the left and Q on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 S is to the bottom right of Q.
3 Z is positioned below S and to the left.
4 Y is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
5 Q is placed at the lower left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	right	1
1 H is above F at 2 o'clock.
2 The object F is positioned directly above the object N.
3 N is directly above G.
4 N is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
5 Q is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 B is to the top of E vertically.
3 H is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 O is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 M is over there and X is directly below it.
6 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	above	1
1 J is over there and M is on the right of it.
2 V and O are parallel, and V on the right of O.
3 O is placed at the upper right of S.
4 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
5 The objects U and S are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
2 X is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 L and A are horizontal and L is to the left of A.
4 O is sitting at the lower right position to L.
5 E is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
6 M is positioned in the front right corner of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 M is directly south west of D.
2 S is on the same vertical plane directly above N.
3 S and J are in a vertical line with J below S.
4 Q is at N's 3 o'clock.
5 N is positioned above and to the left of F.
6 J is on the top and R is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 Q is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 The objects N and H are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 W is positioned left to D.
4 X and N are next to each other with N at the bottom X on the top.
5 W is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 P is directly north west of K.
3 A and P are side by side with A on the top and P at the bottom.
4 S is to the bottom right of B.
5 K is north west of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Y is below A and to the left of A.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 R is over there and G is on the left of it.
4 L is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 A is positioned right to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	above	1
1 N is directly north east of G.
2 U is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 J is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
4 N and U are both there with the object N above the object U.
5 O and K are parallel, and O is under K.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 D is to the upper left of S.
3 Z is diagonally to the upper left of S.
4 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
5 Q and Z are next to each other with Q on the top and Z at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the bottom right of J.
2 J is positioned right to W.
3 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
4 R is directly north east of Y.
5 The object Z and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
2 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 P is lower right of I.
4 P is sitting at the upper right position to X.
5 U and W are next to each other with W on the right and U on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 X and S are vertical and X is above S.
2 S is over there and M is on the left of it.
3 C is at S's 6 o'clock.
4 S is at the bottom of V.
5 P presents upper left to Z.
6 T is upper left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
2 F is diagonally to the upper right of L.
3 N is on the left side to F.
4 N is over there and M is on the left of it.
5 V is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
6 S is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	right	1
1 I and E are both there with the object I is to the left of object E.
2 W and S are parallel, and W is to the right of S.
3 A and T are parallel, and A is to the left of T.
4 B is positioned above and to the left of W.
5 E is north west of S.
6 W is on the right and F is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	above	1
1 K presents upper left to W.
2 B and O are horizontal and B is to the right of O.
3 V is to the bottom-left of Q.
4 M and W are both there with the object M is to the right of object W.
5 M is diagonally to the upper left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	right	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of F.
2 U is to the bottom left of K.
3 The objects E and Z are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
4 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
5 U is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	left	1
1 Z is at U's 12 o'clock.
2 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
3 U is below K.
4 J is on the left side of and below Y.
5 T and G are vertical and T is below G.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 X is above K.
2 X is placed at the upper left of O.
3 T is sitting at the top position to X.
4 V and T are parallel, and V is on top of T.
5 U is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 U is placed on the top of G.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
3 G is directly above X.
4 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
5 L is lower left to E.
6 B and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	above	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object J.
2 The object I is positioned directly above the object Z.
3 U is south east of J.
4 N is over there with J above.
5 F is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 Q is over there and I is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned above N and to the right.
2 U is over there with F below.
3 S is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 G and K are horizontal and G is to the left of K.
5 K is placed in the right direction of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	left	1
1 R is below M.
2 F is under R.
3 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
4 R is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
5 A is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 X is to the bottom-right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	left	1
1 A is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
3 S is to the top right of C.
4 C is on top of I.
5 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object G.
6 J is to the left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 I is below and to the left of E.
2 R and Y are both there with the object R is to the right of object Y.
3 C is positioned left to P.
4 Y is above and to the left of A.
5 I is over there and R is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower righthand corner.
2 I and R are both there with the object I above the object R.
3 L presents right to S.
4 L is to the bottom right of X.
5 X is at R’s 9 o'clock.
6 V is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	above	1
1 K and V are vertical and K is above V.
2 X is sitting at the upper left position to J.
3 L is at the bottom of V vertically.
4 O is to the top right of C.
5 The object O and P are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
6 O is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object K is positioned directly below the object X.
2 F is north west of W.
3 W and S are parallel, and W is to the left of S.
4 E and U are parallel, and E on the left of U.
5 U and W are in a vertical line with W below U.
6 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 R is upper left of M.
2 I is to the bottom-left of G.
3 T and L are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
4 E and I are parallel, and E is to the left of I.
5 V presents left to I.
6 R is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
2 S is on the right side and below U.
3 B is upper left of T.
4 L is over there with O above.
5 E is at the bottom and L is on the top.
6 T is at W's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	right	1
1 X is directly south east of E.
2 Q presents left to L.
3 U is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
4 Object K is below object N and to the left of it, too.
5 X is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	left	1
1 K is placed in the left direction of N.
2 K is on top of J.
3 L is over there and N is on the right.
4 Q is to the left of R horizontally.
5 F is to the left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	below	1
1 W is positioned above L.
2 V is above Y.
3 V is placed at the upper left of H.
4 X is below and to the left of C.
5 L is sitting at the lower position to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the left side of and below U.
2 F is upper left of L.
3 U is to the right of Z horizontally.
4 U is on the right side and top of I.
5 Y is sitting at the top position to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 The objects K and N are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 O is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
4 S presents left to F.
5 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 F and U are parallel, and F on the left of U.
2 F and L are next to each other with L at the bottom F on the top.
3 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object R.
4 U is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 I is positioned down and to the left of T.
6 F is on the top side to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	right	1
1 E is below H.
2 P is below H and to the right of H.
3 U is positioned left to V.
4 E and K are both there with the object K below the object E.
5 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
6 E is directly above W.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	right	1
1 U is north east of T.
2 K is positioned left to T.
3 W is placed at the lower right of Q.
4 K is on the lower left of W.
5 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	below	1
1 X and N are parallel, and X is over N.
2 L is positioned below B and to the right.
3 G is placed in the left direction of E.
4 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
5 L is directly south west of G.
6 Z and B are parallel, and Z is over B.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 N is below U.
2 B is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
3 S is diagonally to the upper left of C.
4 N and K are in a vertical line with N on top.
5 H and K are parallel, and H is on top of K.
6 H is on top of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 F is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 Y is at A's 6 o'clock.
3 E is at C’s 9 o'clock.
4 E is over there and H is on the top of it.
5 H is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 G is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 H is positioned right to U.
3 Object V is below object P and to the right of it, too.
4 F is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
5 U is to the left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 F and Y are horizontal and F is to the right of Y.
2 Z is north east of T.
3 K is lower right of Y.
4 K is at X's 3 o'clock.
5 C is sitting at the 6:00 position to F.
6 B is on the right side to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 I is over U.
2 S is sitting at the lower position to X.
3 X is sitting at the top position to I.
4 U is over there and N is on the left.
5 F is on the right and W is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	below	1
1 Z is at the bottom of A.
2 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 Z is placed at the lower left of N.
4 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
5 Y is to the top of D vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	below	1
1 F is placed at the lower left of O.
2 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
3 R is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
4 F is above Z with a small gap between them.
5 O is over there and M is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 L presents upper left to N.
2 The objects I and R are over there. The object I is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 U is positioned below V and to the left.
4 U and I are next to each other with U on the top and I at the bottom.
5 V and L are side by side with L at the bottom and V on the top.
6 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	left	1
1 T is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 E presents lower right to F.
3 T and U are parallel, and T on the left of U.
4 E and T are both there with the object E is to the right of object T.
5 L is upper right to J.
6 E is placed on the top of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 X is over there with G below.
2 W is upper left of F.
3 X is directly south west of V.
4 R and V are in a vertical line with R on top.
5 K is on top of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 K is below H at 7 o'clock.
2 Y and M are side by side with Y to the right and M to the left.
3 X is sitting at the upper left position to T.
4 F is lower left to T.
5 P and Y are parallel, and P is over Y.
6 P is below T at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	left	1
1 K and B are horizontal and K is to the right of B.
2 Object A is below object H and to the right of it, too.
3 P is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
4 B is at the bottom of R vertically.
5 V is on top of P.
6 V is to the upper left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	right	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
2 E is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 J is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 R and E are parallel, and R is to the right of E.
5 Q and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
6 A is over there with D below.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
2 The object E is positioned directly below the object G.
3 Object C is above object J and to the left of it, too.
4 J and L are side by side with J to the right and L to the left.
5 Q is lower left to D.
6 L and U are next to each other with U at the bottom L on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object N is positioned directly below the object O.
2 L and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and L on the top.
3 D is sitting at the top position to J.
4 T is directly south west of Y.
5 L is at B's 12 o'clock.
6 B is on the right and D is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 M is placed at the upper left of F.
2 D and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
3 J is placed in the left direction of G.
4 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
5 A is above K.
6 F and N are side by side with F to the left and N to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 W and O are parallel, and W is to the left of O.
2 P and I are side by side with I at the bottom and P on the top.
3 J is positioned right to W.
4 J is placed at the bottom of K.
5 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	right	1
1 T and K are vertical and T is above K.
2 R and T are horizontal and R is to the left of T.
3 Object A is above object P and to the right of it, too.
4 C is below and to the right of R.
5 F is sitting at the top position to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to A.
2 P is on the lower right of U.
3 D is diagonally to the upper right of W.
4 A is over there and K is on the right.
5 K is to the bottom right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 K and I are horizontal and K is to the left of I.
2 A is over there with I above.
3 K is over there and G is directly below it.
4 I is below V and to the right of V.
5 H is sitting at the upper left position to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	left	1
1 E is over there and J is directly below it.
2 J and U are vertical and J is above U.
3 I and J are both there with the object I is to the right of object J.
4 U is sitting in the right direction of K.
5 C is sitting at the lower right position to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 I is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
3 F is to the bottom-right of P.
4 P presents right to G.
5 I presents right to S.
6 O is at I’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the bottom-right of X.
2 X is upper left of O.
3 O is upper left of Q.
4 P is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 I is to the left of P.
6 W is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 V and E are in a vertical line with V on top.
3 The objects A and D are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
4 H is sitting at the lower left position to D.
5 A is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 U and D are both there with the object U is to the left of object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 D is placed in the right direction of T.
2 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 J and X are parallel, and J is on top of X.
4 J is positioned below B and to the left.
5 J is above and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 O and I are parallel, and O is to the left of I.
2 I and K are both there with the object I is to the left of object K.
3 J is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
4 L is to the top-left of Z.
5 I presents right to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	above	1
1 J is above L.
2 K is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 K is sitting in the left direction of P.
4 T and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
5 The object P and R are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
2 H and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
3 B is at S’s 9 o'clock.
4 X is upper left of M.
5 M is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
2 J is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
3 Y is above V at 10 o'clock.
4 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
5 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 The object V and Y are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 R is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 T is on the left and Q is on the right.
4 V and R are parallel, and V is on top of R.
5 U is above K at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 J is on the left and S is on the right.
2 N is directly south west of J.
3 P and N are parallel, and P is to the right of N.
4 If E is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
5 F is sitting at the lower position to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 S is above and to the right of T.
2 R and T are next to each other with R on the left and T on the right.
3 I is north west of S.
4 I is diagonally left and below H.
5 X presents right to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q and N are parallel, and Q on the right of N.
2 W is above L and to the right of L.
3 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
4 U presents left to B.
5 D is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 D is above K.
2 E is directly south east of Z.
3 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
4 S presents left to K.
5 B is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
6 Object B is below object D and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 N is positioned above Y.
2 A is upper left of M.
3 Y is to the top of Z vertically.
4 N is at G's 12 o'clock.
5 H and V are both there with the object H is to the left of object V.
6 M is directly below Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 O is positioned above V and to the left.
2 U presents over Z.
3 F is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
4 F is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Object I is below object W and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 B and M are parallel, and B on the right of M.
2 G is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
4 The object M is positioned directly below the object X.
5 S is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	right	1
1 J is positioned above and to the left of W.
2 W presents upper right to N.
3 N is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 J is to the upper left of T.
5 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 I is placed at the upper left of P.
2 R is above C at 2 o'clock.
3 R is on the lower left of J.
4 A is on top of W.
5 C is to the top right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 J is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
3 K presents left to Q.
4 J is above Q and to the left of Q.
5 Object T is below object U and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
2 W is north east of K.
3 Q is above F at 10 o'clock.
4 Q presents left to W.
5 I presents left to E.
6 N is lower left to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	right	1
1 N is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
2 J is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
3 R is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
4 M is over there and J is on the right of it.
5 I is placed in the right direction of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom left of P.
2 R is on the left side to P.
3 B is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
4 R is over there and K is on the right of it.
5 Q is below W and to the right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there and R is on the right.
2 Q is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 C is sitting in the right direction of U.
4 U is above H and to the left of H.
5 A is positioned below E and to the left.
6 N is placed at the lower right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the top position to A.
2 F is upper left of S.
3 H is to the bottom-right of X.
4 F is sitting at the lower position to A.
5 J is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the top of J vertically.
2 X is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 P is sitting at the upper right position to H.
4 J is diagonally to the upper right of X.
5 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
6 A is at Z's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 A is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 U is to the top right of Q.
3 W is below C at 4 o'clock.
4 S is placed in the left direction of A.
5 I is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
6 D is over there and Q is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	below	1
1 I is over there and M is directly below it.
2 A is to the top right of H.
3 A and W are side by side with A on the top and W at the bottom.
4 The object A and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
5 R is to the bottom-right of S.
6 N and W are next to each other with N on the top and W at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	left	1
1 H is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 J is positioned in the top left corner of D.
3 G is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 Y is positioned below T.
5 Z is on the right side and top of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 D is placed in the left direction of O.
2 Q is positioned right to W.
3 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
4 I is positioned below S and to the left.
5 G is at O's 3 o'clock.
6 B is on top of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
2 E is over there and V is directly below it.
3 J and Y are parallel, and J is to the right of Y.
4 V is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 K and M are side by side with K to the right and M to the left.
6 R is sitting at the upper left position to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 B and P are side by side with B on the top and P at the bottom.
2 G is below B at 7 o'clock.
3 E is on the upper right of Y.
4 U is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
5 G is sitting at the upper left position to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	above	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Object O is below object C and to the left of it, too.
3 O is above K with a small gap between them.
4 A is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Object X is below object L and to the left of it, too.
6 C is upper right to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 Y is sitting in the right direction of U.
2 I is positioned below R and to the left.
3 Q is at the bottom of S vertically.
4 P is over there and U is on the left.
5 T is sitting at the lower position to P.
6 T is sitting at the lower left position to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 I is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
4 Q is positioned above I and to the right.
5 N and T are vertical and N is below T.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 N and S are in a vertical line with S below N.
3 V and L are vertical and V is above L.
4 N is over there and E is on the right of it.
5 P and N are in a vertical line with N below P.
6 S is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	right	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
2 K is at the lower side of R.
3 The object G is positioned directly below the object Z.
4 R is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 Object G is above object N and to the left of it, too.
6 V is to the top-right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 F presents lower left to X.
2 R and O are vertical and R is above O.
3 B is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
4 R is on the right side to X.
5 H is placed at the lower right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 I is positioned above G and to the left.
2 J and C are side by side with J to the right and C to the left.
3 B and J are side by side with B on the top and J at the bottom.
4 A is there and C is at the 2 position of a clock face A.
5 B is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 I is under N.
2 Z is at L's 3 o'clock.
3 E is to the right of M.
4 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object S.
5 S and L are parallel, and S is over L.
6 O is on the right and Z is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 J is below and to the right of X.
2 J is directly south west of D.
3 The object U is positioned directly above the object Q.
4 X is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 P is on the upper right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 H and I are parallel, and H is on top of I.
2 X is at the bottom of R vertically.
3 T is on the left side of and below D.
4 I is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
5 R is positioned below O and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Z and D are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
2 C is placed at the upper left of O.
3 Q is sitting at the lower position to B.
4 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
5 R is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 O is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	left	1
1 W and A are both there with the object W is to the left of object A.
2 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 R presents lower right to A.
4 T is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 S is below and to the right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is positioned below U and to the left.
2 K and P are horizontal and K is to the right of P.
3 F is at G's 6 o'clock.
4 L is on the left side and above G.
5 U and G are parallel, and G is below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned up and to the right of Q.
2 T is on the right and O is on the left.
3 M is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 H is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 T is to the left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the upper right of V.
2 R and Q are parallel, and R on the left of Q.
3 S and B are in a vertical line with B below S.
4 S presents below N.
5 Y is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 S is to the upper left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 W and L are horizontal and W is to the left of L.
2 M is positioned below and to the right of O.
3 L and I are parallel, and L is to the left of I.
4 Y is lower right of D.
5 W is over there and G is on the right.
6 M is directly south west of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	left	1
1 X is positioned below D.
2 J and P are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
3 Y is at J’s 9 o'clock.
4 X presents upper right to J.
5 Z is on the top side to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 R is on the right and H is on the left.
2 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object N.
3 M and U are parallel, and U is below M.
4 F is at A’s 9 o'clock.
5 R and F are vertical and R is above F.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 V is diagonally right and below G.
2 Y is below J.
3 G is directly north west of Q.
4 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
5 Q is under J.
6 B is to the bottom-left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 W is south west of Y.
2 X is to the upper left of O.
3 J is to the top right of O.
4 W is to the bottom left of T.
5 Q is under R.
6 O is over there with Y below.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object I.
2 I is to the left of M horizontally.
3 M is placed at the upper left of V.
4 T and R are next to each other with T on the left and R on the right.
5 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
6 D is positioned right to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed in the right direction of D.
2 Y is on the right and E is on the left.
3 G and V are side by side with G to the right and V to the left.
4 C is over there and Y is directly below it.
5 E is above N and to the right of N.
6 A is on the left and N is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 L is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
2 J is on the lower left of Y.
3 L is above C and to the left of C.
4 S is positioned in the lower right corner of X.
5 C is sitting at the lower left position to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	right	1
1 S is on the top and N is at the bottom.
2 Z is at the bottom of D.
3 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
4 C is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 G is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
2 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
3 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
4 Y is directly south east of S.
5 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the top right of A.
2 J is to the top of K vertically.
3 S is diagonally right and below J.
4 E is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 V is to the left of K horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 R is directly north east of Y.
2 X is placed at the bottom of K.
3 Y is lower right of O.
4 G is to the top right of H.
5 K is positioned right to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	below	1
1 X is directly south west of M.
2 The object Z is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 R is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 R is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
5 R and W are in a vertical line with W below R.
6 R and T are side by side with R to the right and T to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	below	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of Q.
2 Z is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 J is positioned above E and to the right.
4 If C is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
5 Q and K are next to each other with Q on the top and K at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 A presents left to R.
2 S and T are vertical and S is above T.
3 The objects P and Z are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
4 N is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
5 P is upper left of T.
6 V is directly south west of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	above	1
1 O is at P's 3 o'clock.
2 G is sitting in the left direction of K.
3 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
4 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
5 G is above Q with a small gap between them.
6 R is positioned above and to the left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned right to P.
2 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
3 The object T is positioned directly below the object M.
4 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
5 A is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	below	1
1 Z is on the right side to Q.
2 Q is at the lower side of H.
3 Z is directly south east of R.
4 S is north east of Q.
5 E is on the right side to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned below Q and to the left.
2 A is sitting at the lower right position to N.
3 D is diagonally right and below A.
4 H is to the upper left of P.
5 N is south east of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Z is directly north east of S.
2 J and L are both there with the object J is to the left of object L.
3 E is directly south east of B.
4 L and S are parallel, and L is on top of S.
5 L is on the left side to D.
6 A is over there and L is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 L is north west of W.
2 B is sitting in the left direction of D.
3 H is positioned left to D.
4 Q presents left to X.
5 X is to the top of D vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	below	1
1 R is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 L and D are in a vertical line with D below L.
3 B is diagonally right and below K.
4 B is lower right of Q.
5 Q is positioned down and to the left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of M.
2 E and K are horizontal and E is to the right of K.
3 U is on the right side to N.
4 N is positioned in the front right corner of F.
5 U is under M.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the top side to Q.
2 L and T are vertical and L is above T.
3 Y is over Q.
4 W is sitting in the right direction of B.
5 L is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 X and G are horizontal and X is to the left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	below	1
1 F and T are both there with the object F is to the left of object T.
2 T is positioned in the top left corner of P.
3 K is to the bottom left of I.
4 C and W are vertical and C is below W.
5 Object F is below object W and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	right	1
1 T is diagonally left and above T.
2 R is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 U is positioned up and to the right of R.
4 P presents left to S.
5 W is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
6 S is placed at the lower right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Z and U are parallel, and Z is to the left of U.
2 V is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 The objects J and N are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
4 C is on the left side and above M.
5 Z is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	below	1
1 P is directly above H.
2 P and S are parallel, and P on the right of S.
3 M and H are parallel, and M on the right of H.
4 W and C are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
5 H is on the right side and top of F.
6 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
2 E is to the upper left of I.
3 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
4 T is below N.
5 G is placed at the lower left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Z is sitting in the right direction of E.
3 E is positioned above N.
4 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
5 I is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	below	1
1 A is to the right of N.
2 P is on the lower left of X.
3 E is to the top of J vertically.
4 J is north east of X.
5 X presents left to K.
6 P is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 A is over there with X below.
3 A and O are vertical and A is below O.
4 P is over X.
5 Z is upper right to K.
6 B is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	left	1
1 Y is placed on the top of B.
2 R is positioned left to A.
3 C is diagonally to the upper right of R.
4 Q and U are next to each other with U at the bottom Q on the top.
5 A is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 T and P are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
2 J is positioned above F and to the left.
3 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
4 Object J is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
5 H is diagonally left and below P.
6 J is sitting at the upper right position to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	left	1
1 S is below and to the left of I.
2 K presents upper left to Q.
3 B is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 G is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
5 T is to the upper left of B.
6 I is on the left side to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 H is below U with a small gap between them.
2 H is above and to the left of K.
3 D is on the upper right of K.
4 T is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
5 R is placed at the bottom of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 I is placed on the top of E.
2 E is on the right and H is on the left.
3 Z is below H at 7 o'clock.
4 S is to the top right of E.
5 T and K are both there with the object T above the object K.
6 Z and P are parallel, and Z is to the left of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 Y is sitting at the upper right position to M.
3 Z and E are parallel, and Z is under E.
4 Q is positioned right to Y.
5 X and C are both there with the object X is to the right of object C.
6 E is placed in the left direction of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E is above and to the right of D.
2 L is placed in the left direction of R.
3 X is on top of L.
4 C is on the lower left of Z.
5 X presents left to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	left	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
2 J is over M.
3 P is above G and to the right of G.
4 L is on the left side to Q.
5 L is to the upper left of P.
6 H is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	above	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 W is to the top of Y vertically.
3 E is to the bottom-left of Y.
4 I is positioned down and to the left of M.
5 I and Y are next to each other with I on the left and Y on the right.
6 I is on the right side and top of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	right	1
1 S is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 Y is at E's 6 o'clock.
3 E presents right to S.
4 E is below F and to the left of F.
5 Q is above O.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	above	1
1 I is over there and T is on the top of it.
2 G is positioned above and to the left of H.
3 C is to the right of W horizontally.
4 G is positioned above W and to the left.
5 C is to the top of X vertically.
6 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned above X and to the left.
2 The object W is positioned directly below the object A.
3 A is to the upper left of Q.
4 D is over K.
5 X is diagonally left and above X.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Q and G are parallel, and Q on the left of G.
3 K is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 K is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
5 P is on the lower right of A.
6 K is placed at the upper right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 R is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
2 B is on the left side to K.
3 N is on the left side to D.
4 H is below Q at 4 o'clock.
5 K is on the left side to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the left side to A.
2 Z is to the bottom-right of Y.
3 B and A are horizontal and B is to the left of A.
4 Q and B are parallel, and Q is over B.
5 B is diagonally right and below P.
6 T is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
2 N and G are parallel, and N is on top of G.
3 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
4 X is positioned below H and to the left.
5 T is sitting at the upper right position to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	above	1
1 V is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 V is below H and to the right of H.
3 V is on top of D.
4 G is above D and to the right of D.
5 The objects B and Z are over there. The object B is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 G is below and to the right of E.
2 X is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
3 Y is sitting at the lower position to G.
4 B presents over W.
5 M is positioned above J and to the left.
6 J and G are next to each other with G on the right and J on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
2 S is to the bottom left of L.
3 W is on the left side and above B.
4 V is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 C is at the bottom of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 N is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 C is placed at the bottom of Q.
3 The object L and E are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 A is above N.
5 N is below V and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	left	1
1 D and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 B and X are vertical and B is below X.
3 F is on the right side and below V.
4 B is below V.
5 V and M are next to each other with V on the top and M at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	above	1
1 Q is diagonally left and below R.
2 I is on the right and V is on the left.
3 P and Q are side by side with P to the left and Q to the right.
4 U is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
5 I is directly above P.
6 E and H are next to each other with H on the right and E on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	below	1
1 G is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 F is placed in the right direction of D.
3 R is to the right of T.
4 F presents upper left to T.
5 U and R are horizontal and U is to the right of R.
6 M is above T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 N is positioned left to T.
3 M and P are vertical and M is below P.
4 Q is placed at the upper left of C.
5 M is placed at the lower right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	right	1
1 U is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 I and Z are vertical and I is above Z.
3 J is to the top right of Z.
4 E is on the left side of and below K.
5 U is diagonally to the upper right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	right	1
1 G and Z are horizontal and G is to the left of Z.
2 T presents right to U.
3 Z is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
4 T is on the right side to F.
5 S is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 T is above Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	left	1
1 L and O are both there with the object L above the object O.
2 O and K are next to each other with O on the top and K at the bottom.
3 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
4 U is above K at 2 o'clock.
5 S is above V and to the right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 L is above C.
3 U is positioned in the lower right corner of C.
4 D is positioned down and to the left of L.
5 I and H are horizontal and I is to the left of H.
6 D is over there and F is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 R is over there and T is on the right of it.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
3 F is to the top-right of V.
4 F is over R.
5 P is on the left side to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N and M are side by side with M at the bottom and N on the top.
2 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object C.
3 U is under X.
4 H is below N and to the left of N.
5 U presents right to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower right position to V.
2 Z is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 O and Q are side by side with O on the top and Q at the bottom.
4 Y is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
5 Q is over there and P is on the top of it.
6 If Y is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Z is positioned below M and to the right.
2 V is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Object C is above object P and to the left of it, too.
4 V is diagonally right and below B.
5 A is above P at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Y and I are parallel, and Y is on top of I.
2 J is at K's 6 o'clock.
3 F and I are parallel, and F is to the right of I.
4 J is at F’s 9 o'clock.
5 H is to the top of K vertically.
6 V is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 I is over there and G is on the top of it.
2 X is over there and T is on the right of it.
3 G is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 N is diagonally to the upper right of I.
5 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the right side and below P.
2 Q is below N and to the right of N.
3 X is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 F is to the left of Q horizontally.
5 Q is to the top of U vertically.
6 Q is positioned right to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 W and X are parallel, and W is under X.
2 D is to the upper left of X.
3 W and C are both there with the object C below the object W.
4 O is north east of W.
5 V is at U’s 9 o'clock.
6 The object D and Y are there. The object Y is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 S and B are side by side with S on the top and B at the bottom.
2 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
3 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
4 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
5 E is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
6 B is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	left	1
1 R is below K and to the right of K.
2 H and J are parallel, and H is on top of J.
3 Y is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
4 R is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
5 K is directly north west of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	right	1
1 S is below U at 4 o'clock.
2 R presents right to C.
3 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object O.
4 S is directly north west of Q.
5 Q is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
6 Q is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Y and S are parallel, and Y on the right of S.
2 I is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
3 O is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 X is positioned below R.
5 S is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 Y is above and to the right of V.
2 R is positioned above and to the left of H.
3 H is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
4 L is lower left to A.
5 H is above C and to the right of C.
6 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
2 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
3 If G is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
4 F is sitting at the upper left position to E.
5 O is upper right to V.
6 Z and F are side by side with Z to the right and F to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	above	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
3 X is at D's 12 o'clock.
4 D is sitting in the left direction of R.
5 M is positioned above and to the left of D.
6 A and E are both there with the object A above the object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q and Z are side by side with Q on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 X is on the left side to Z.
3 T is over there and N is on the left of it.
4 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
5 O is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face O.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally right and below A.
2 The object E and M are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 V is to the upper left of C.
4 F is to the top of Q vertically.
5 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
6 A is directly south west of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 P is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
2 Q is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
3 L is diagonally left and below Q.
4 Z is above B at 2 o'clock.
5 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	below	1
1 K is positioned below A.
2 P is directly above M.
3 U and T are next to each other with T on the right and U on the left.
4 K is on the right side to F.
5 K is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	above	1
1 D is lower right of Y.
2 G is at the lower side of K.
3 G is upper right to Z.
4 A is above N at 2 o'clock.
5 P is diagonally left and below Z.
6 N is on the right and K is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 I is placed at the upper left of A.
2 H is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
3 F is diagonally to the upper left of I.
4 U and G are parallel, and U on the left of G.
5 Object F is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the top-left of L.
2 T is positioned left to M.
3 Z is above M at 10 o'clock.
4 Y is to the bottom-left of M.
5 Q is to the left of D horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 X is above L and to the left of L.
2 B is below and to the left of Q.
3 C is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
4 R is above C and to the left of C.
5 P is to the top of Q vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 R presents right to K.
2 G is lower left to O.
3 O is on the left side of and below J.
4 E is to the bottom-left of J.
5 C is to the top of E vertically.
6 V is below O and to the left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
2 P is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
3 C is on the top and H is at the bottom.
4 N is to the bottom right of R.
5 T is on the top side to V.
6 R is positioned left to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
2 H is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
3 J is on top of Z.
4 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
5 H is on top of M.
6 M is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 S is above and to the right of A.
3 S is below P.
4 U and T are next to each other with U on the top and T at the bottom.
5 K is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the left side and above H.
2 O is on the lower left of D.
3 P and H are side by side with P to the right and H to the left.
4 E and U are parallel, and E is under U.
5 Q is on the top side to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	left	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object X.
2 F is positioned left to E.
3 Y is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
5 G is over V.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 R is positioned in the lower right corner of C.
3 N is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
4 W is at the bottom of C vertically.
5 I is below E at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	right	1
1 F is above and to the left of I.
2 I is below S with a small gap between them.
3 R is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
4 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
5 I is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 J presents upper right to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the right side to K.
2 W and K are next to each other with K at the bottom W on the top.
3 R and K are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
4 I and H are parallel, and I is under H.
5 Z is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 D is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 V is diagonally left and above V.
2 G is above N with a small gap between them.
3 Q is over there and O is on the top of it.
4 O presents below J.
5 E and V are both there with the object V below the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 J and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
2 K presents upper right to A.
3 K is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
4 I and K are parallel, and I is over K.
5 U is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	below	1
1 D and G are side by side with D to the right and G to the left.
2 W is above X with a small gap between them.
3 C is to the bottom left of N.
4 X is diagonally right and above B.
5 D presents over B.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	left	1
1 Z is above S and to the right of S.
2 Y and I are horizontal and Y is to the left of I.
3 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to I.
4 B is positioned below O and to the right.
5 S is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 I is placed at the upper right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 U is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 B and A are both there with the object B is to the left of object A.
3 Object S is below object W and to the right of it, too.
4 I is to the left of A horizontally.
5 U is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 W and Y are parallel, and W is to the right of Y.
2 P is on the lower left of J.
3 X is to the top-left of J.
4 P is placed at the lower right of N.
5 Z is under J.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 A is to the top right of P.
3 J and Y are parallel, and J is under Y.
4 The objects A and K are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
5 E and S are side by side with S at the bottom and E on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the top of R vertically.
2 Y is below and to the right of H.
3 U and E are parallel, and U is over E.
4 I and E are parallel, and I is on top of E.
5 U is on the left side to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	left	1
1 W and K are parallel, and W on the left of K.
2 J is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
3 V and J are both there with the object V is to the right of object J.
4 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
5 Z is diagonally to the upper left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 O presents below P.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 10 and 11.
3 Object P is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
4 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
5 Y is south east of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 Y is on the lower left of Z.
2 P and Z are parallel, and P on the right of Z.
3 A is directly below K.
4 V is to the upper left of Z.
5 P is over D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 S is on the top side to H.
3 I is above P and to the right of P.
4 H is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 S is positioned in the top left corner of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	below	1
1 P is on the right side to F.
2 F and R are both there with the object F above the object R.
3 R is to the upper left of B.
4 D is at W's 3 o'clock.
5 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
6 F is placed in the right direction of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	left	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper left of W.
2 P is below C.
3 Object W is below object U and to the right of it, too.
4 V is over there and I is on the top of it.
5 U is at the bottom of F vertically.
6 W is on the left side to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
2 P is on the top and J is at the bottom.
3 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
4 If K is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
5 N is north east of L.
6 N is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the bottom right of U.
2 H is under W.
3 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
4 E is positioned above Q.
5 H is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 U is positioned below S and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	right	1
1 H is diagonally left and below Z.
2 M and U are next to each other with U on the right and M on the left.
3 I and Z are parallel, and I is to the left of Z.
4 V is above Y and to the left of Y.
5 H and U are vertical and H is below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 P and N are parallel, and P is on top of N.
2 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
3 K is over H.
4 K is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
5 I is above and to the left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	below	1
1 O is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 X is on the right side and below V.
3 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
4 Q is placed at the upper left of X.
5 X is over there and P is directly below it.
6 T is to the left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	right	1
1 The objects I and G are over there. The object I is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 B is on top of T.
3 B and N are in a vertical line with N below B.
4 Z and G are next to each other with G at the bottom Z on the top.
5 O is diagonally left and above O.
6 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	below	1
1 O and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
2 T and W are parallel, and T is to the left of W.
3 U is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 J is at T's 3 o'clock.
5 Z is below W at 4 o'clock.
6 D presents right to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	left	1
1 P and Q are vertical and P is below Q.
2 B and Q are parallel, and B is over Q.
3 B is on the right side to Z.
4 P is to the upper left of I.
5 If T is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	above	1
1 W is on the left and P is on the right.
2 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
3 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
4 G and U are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
5 L is on top of G.
6 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	above	1
1 The objects B and D are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 The object S is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
3 Q is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 L is diagonally left and above L.
5 D is placed at the lower right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
2 R and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
3 L is diagonally left and above L.
4 W is below S and to the right of S.
5 Z is sitting at the upper right position to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 G is upper right to S.
2 I is to the bottom left of O.
3 O is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
4 I is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
5 H is at Q's 3 o'clock.
6 O is positioned below F.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 W is placed at the upper left of E.
2 E is positioned above F and to the right.
3 W is on the right side and below K.
4 W and N are side by side with W to the left and N to the right.
5 B is over P.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	right	1
1 O is below Q and to the right of Q.
2 U is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
3 U is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 A is at U's 3 o'clock.
5 Q is south west of B.
6 S is above L with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	below	1
1 U is positioned down and to the left of I.
2 Y presents lower left to N.
3 C presents upper left to U.
4 R is positioned below C and to the right.
5 U is at the bottom of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	below	1
1 C is to the top of N vertically.
2 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to U.
3 H and U are parallel, and U is below H.
4 E is over there with C below.
5 The object Z is positioned directly above the object P.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	below	1
1 Z is positioned above and to the left of A.
2 N is placed at the lower right of V.
3 Q is sitting at the top position to N.
4 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
5 The object N is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 A is placed in the left direction of W.
3 The object Q is positioned directly above the object J.
4 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
5 J and X are parallel, and J is to the left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	above	1
1 P is below and to the left of H.
2 P is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
3 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
4 J and R are parallel, and J is under R.
5 P and Q are parallel, and P is on top of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 E and O are parallel, and E on the right of O.
2 D is over there and O is on the left of it.
3 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
4 J and L are vertical and J is below L.
5 W is below B at 4 o'clock.
6 N is below L.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
2 F is to the top-right of N.
3 V is to the right of Y.
4 D is sitting at the lower position to U.
5 R is at F’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 M is on the left and W is on the right.
3 If S is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
4 Z is on the left and N is on the right.
5 W is diagonally right and above P.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	left	1
1 G is sitting at the top position to F.
2 G is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
3 V is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
4 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
5 F and V are parallel, and F on the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	below	1
1 Q is on the left side to O.
2 G is on the left side to M.
3 A is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 M and V are next to each other with V at the bottom M on the top.
5 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
6 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 X is above U at 10 o'clock.
2 P is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
3 C is below and to the right of B.
4 V is directly south west of U.
5 Y is upper left of F.
6 V is placed in the right direction of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 W is over T.
2 V is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 G is on the top side to S.
4 J is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
5 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	right	1
1 N is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
2 P is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
3 J is on the left and N is on the right.
4 Q presents upper left to P.
5 B is above and to the left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	below	1
1 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
3 L is to the bottom right of E.
4 I is at the bottom of P vertically.
5 L is on the right and I is on the left.
6 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	above	1
1 O is over there and W is directly above it.
2 L is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 E and O are parallel, and E is over O.
4 The objects L and O are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object O.
5 Q is positioned below and to the right of V.
6 Y is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 V and T are both there with the object V above the object T.
2 U is upper right to M.
3 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
4 V is over there and L is on the right.
5 M is to the right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned below G and to the left.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
3 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
4 G presents below S.
5 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the upper left of N.
2 F is directly south west of S.
3 M is at X's 12 o'clock.
4 T presents below N.
5 L is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 Y is above X and to the left of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	below	1
1 N and V are both there with the object V below the object N.
2 W is upper left of V.
3 X is placed at the upper right of A.
4 H is upper right to D.
5 C is over there and W is directly above it.
6 A is on the right and W is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
2 E is on the lower right of W.
3 D is sitting in the right direction of X.
4 D presents over W.
5 If H is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	above	1
1 F is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
2 J and L are both there with the object J is to the left of object L.
3 K is on the right side to C.
4 C is on top of U.
5 U is to the left of B.
6 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
2 I is on the lower left of O.
3 G is positioned in the lower left corner of A.
4 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
5 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
6 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	left	1
1 D is to the right of V.
2 H and N are both there with the object H is to the right of object N.
3 R is at B's 3 o'clock.
4 Y and G are side by side with Y on the top and G at the bottom.
5 G is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 R is south west of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly above the object J.
2 P and F are next to each other with P on the left and F on the right.
3 Y and P are both there with the object Y is to the right of object P.
4 B is over there and J is directly above it.
5 P is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 C and R are vertical and C is above R.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Y and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 P is at the lower side of F.
3 S is sitting in the right direction of L.
4 Z is below F and to the right of F.
5 P is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
6 Y is south east of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned below S and to the right.
2 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
4 B is on the top side to O.
5 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
6 S is below B with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	below	1
1 K and W are next to each other with W at the bottom K on the top.
2 M is over there and K is on the left of it.
3 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
4 C is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 W is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
6 J is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting at the top position to O.
2 N is sitting at the upper right position to H.
3 N is on the right side to O.
4 R and L are next to each other with L at the bottom R on the top.
5 N is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 S presents left to Q.
2 P and S are parallel, and S is below P.
3 L is south west of Q.
4 M is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
5 A is on the right and K is on the left.
6 M and S are in a vertical line with S below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	above	1
1 B is above and to the right of R.
2 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 Z is sitting in the left direction of F.
4 Q is diagonally above T to the right at a 45 degree.
5 R is positioned below T.
6 F and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 K is diagonally right and below U.
2 X is positioned left to U.
3 K is to the left of O horizontally.
4 Z is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
5 X is on the right side and below R.
6 B is lower left to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 J is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 G is positioned in the front right corner of T.
3 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
4 V and R are next to each other with R at the bottom V on the top.
5 F is positioned below J and to the left.
6 M is on the right side and below J.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	above	1
1 E and D are parallel, and E is to the right of D.
2 T is upper left of U.
3 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
4 B is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 B is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	below	1
1 T is at the lower side of F.
2 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
3 N is sitting at the lower position to A.
4 Y is positioned down and to the left of X.
5 R and F are next to each other with R on the top and F at the bottom.
6 V presents upper right to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 O and K are both there with the object K below the object O.
2 J is sitting at the top position to N.
3 S is placed in the right direction of H.
4 S is to the right of A horizontally.
5 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	left	1
1 I is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 B is sitting at the lower position to C.
4 If L is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
5 E and W are parallel, and E on the right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 R is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 R presents upper right to W.
4 L is placed in the left direction of X.
5 K is sitting in the left direction of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
2 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 G is positioned right to Z.
4 The object M is positioned directly above the object W.
5 I is lower right of W.
6 F and L are parallel, and F on the right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	below	1
1 O and Z are parallel, and Z is below O.
2 S is at the bottom of Y.
3 Y presents lower right to I.
4 M is to the bottom-right of E.
5 I and O are parallel, and I is to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object W.
2 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
3 W is upper left of N.
4 W is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
6 N and R are parallel, and N is over R.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 W is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 U is above C and to the right of C.
3 L is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
4 The objects Z and W are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
5 V is diagonally to the upper left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 U is lower right of I.
2 The object X is positioned directly above the object Q.
3 N is above G and to the left of G.
4 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
5 Q is placed in the left direction of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is over there and E is on the top of it.
2 W is on the right side and top of N.
3 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object W.
4 O is over there and N is directly below it.
5 T is north east of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	right	1
1 K is below E at 7 o'clock.
2 W is at B’s 9 o'clock.
3 W is below T with a small gap between them.
4 Z is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 Y and B are parallel, and Y is under B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	below	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
2 L is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 X is on the top side to Y.
4 X is to the top right of H.
5 E and Y are parallel, and E is over Y.
6 H presents below V.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 N is diagonally to the upper left of L.
3 V is to the right of C.
4 A is upper left of V.
5 P and B are both there with the object B below the object P.
6 O is below C at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 E is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
2 J is over there and P is on the right of it.
3 Q is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 E is to the top-right of Y.
5 K is to the bottom right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
2 B is at E's 6 o'clock.
3 O is over there and Z is on the left of it.
4 E is over there with Z above.
5 J is on the top side to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
2 D is over there and O is on the left of it.
3 P is positioned down and to the left of J.
4 W and D are both there with the object D below the object W.
5 I is above R and to the right of R.
6 O is over there and S is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 O is below A and to the right of A.
2 Y is sitting in the right direction of O.
3 M is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 N and A are side by side with N to the right and A to the left.
5 Y is over there and Q is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 I is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 J is over there and I is directly below it.
3 J is north east of T.
4 E is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
5 E is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 Object C is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	above	1
1 P is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 P is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
4 M is below D at 4 o'clock.
5 K is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 W and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
2 P is on the left side and above S.
3 J is to the top-left of Y.
4 J is to the left of I.
5 W is sitting in the right direction of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 N is positioned right to E.
2 Q is positioned below Y and to the right.
3 N is on the right side and below Q.
4 D is upper right to Y.
5 R is below B.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 E is to the top-left of V.
3 H is placed at the upper left of N.
4 H is upper left of P.
5 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 U and P are parallel, and U is over P.
2 If E is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
3 O is to the bottom-left of H.
4 X is below M with a small gap between them.
5 E and M are both there with the object E is to the left of object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
2 N and H are side by side with N to the left and H to the right.
3 B is over there and J is on the right.
4 Y and G are next to each other with G at the bottom Y on the top.
5 G is to the top of A vertically.
6 A is sitting at the lower position to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 The object P is positioned directly above the object V.
2 Q is over there and G is on the left.
3 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
4 Q is at K’s 9 o'clock.
5 G is sitting in the right direction of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	left	1
1 N is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 U is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 U is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
4 U presents lower right to H.
5 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
6 B is on the top side to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	below	1
1 A is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
2 K is below Z and to the right of Z.
3 L is placed at the upper right of D.
4 Object E is above object U and to the left of it, too.
5 S and D are vertical and S is above D.
6 L is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 G and P are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
2 U is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
3 Y is positioned above E and to the right.
4 V is above and to the right of U.
5 A is at V's 12 o'clock.
6 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 N and H are both there with the object H below the object N.
2 The objects O and M are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled C.
4 C is to the top right of H.
5 C is below P at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	below	1
1 Y is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Y presents upper left to D.
3 B is positioned above and to the left of W.
4 J is positioned down and to the left of U.
5 B is placed at the bottom of I.
6 K and D are parallel, and K on the left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the top side to C.
2 V is above and to the right of U.
3 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
4 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
5 K and J are side by side with J at the bottom and K on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	right	1
1 Y and I are in a vertical line with Y on top.
2 H is positioned down and to the left of I.
3 Y is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
4 If H is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
5 E is lower left to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	above	1
1 L is at the bottom of T vertically.
2 N is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
4 I is positioned below and to the right of R.
5 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
6 X is north west of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 W and D are horizontal and W is to the left of D.
2 E is lower right of D.
3 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
4 Q is directly above F.
5 H is at M's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 N is to the top-left of H.
2 K is on the upper right of H.
3 A and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
4 G is diagonally left and above G.
5 A and H are vertical and A is above H.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	left	1
1 U is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 M is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
3 G is above and to the left of P.
4 M is placed at the lower left of P.
5 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
6 D is upper right to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 C and K are side by side with C to the left and K to the right.
2 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
3 A is at the bottom of V.
4 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
5 J is on the left side to K.
6 J is lower left to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	left	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper righthand corner.
2 Y and K are horizontal and Y is to the left of K.
3 C is positioned below X and to the left.
4 A is on the left side and above K.
5 R is at A's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Q and L are both there with the object Q above the object L.
2 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
3 If D is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
4 Q presents upper right to K.
5 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 E is upper left of A.
2 K and Z are parallel, and K on the right of Z.
3 P is positioned below and to the right of R.
4 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
5 R is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 I is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	below	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 U and A are parallel, and A is below U.
3 D is sitting at the lower right position to J.
4 J is over U.
5 Z is directly north east of A.
6 U presents lower right to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	below	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of Y.
2 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
3 T is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
4 Y is sitting at the upper left position to B.
5 W is sitting in the left direction of J.
6 A is positioned above S and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 J is on the right side and below N.
2 N is on the top side to D.
3 G is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 R and D are parallel, and R is to the left of D.
5 The objects O and N are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 P is directly south east of U.
2 U is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 P is to the top-left of S.
4 O and L are next to each other with O on the left and L on the right.
5 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
2 M is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
3 Z is on the upper right of T.
4 R is to the top right of F.
5 M is positioned below F.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 C is at O’s 9 o'clock.
2 U is on the left side to W.
3 L and O are both there with the object O below the object L.
4 L presents below N.
5 C and Y are parallel, and C is to the left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 M and S are in a vertical line with S below M.
2 T is over there and P is on the right of it.
3 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
4 If S is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
5 M and G are next to each other with M on the left and G on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	left	1
1 Q is positioned above and to the left of S.
2 S is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
3 B and G are parallel, and B is on top of G.
4 S is on the left side to H.
5 O is on the upper right of C.
6 Q is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 S and K are next to each other with K on the right and S on the left.
2 L is placed in the right direction of P.
3 P and Y are parallel, and Y is below P.
4 Y is on the right and B is on the left.
5 O presents right to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	right	1
1 The object B and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 X is at U’s 9 o'clock.
3 I is sitting in the right direction of X.
4 W is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
5 U is directly north west of R.
6 H is placed at the lower right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 B and G are parallel, and B is under G.
2 Y is directly above J.
3 Y and O are parallel, and O is below Y.
4 D is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
5 Q is placed at the upper left of D.
6 P and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	right	1
1 M is diagonally right and below Y.
2 B is on the left side of and below F.
3 R and O are in a vertical line with R on top.
4 O is sitting in the right direction of K.
5 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	above	1
1 W is under T.
2 I and O are parallel, and I is on top of O.
3 A is to the top right of I.
4 A is sitting at the upper right position to G.
5 V and O are parallel, and V is to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 R is placed at the lower right of X.
2 Z is diagonally right and above I.
3 R is diagonally to the upper right of P.
4 N is at D's 12 o'clock.
5 I and R are vertical and I is below R.
6 Z is diagonally right and above K.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
2 O is above T with a small gap between them.
3 U is upper right to T.
4 The objects Y and O are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
5 S and V are parallel, and S on the right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the right and H is on the left.
2 C and Q are side by side with C to the left and Q to the right.
3 R is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 O is on the left side of and below H.
5 H and A are both there with the object H above the object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 J and A are horizontal and J is to the left of A.
2 B is on the left side to A.
3 D and O are next to each other with D on the left and O on the right.
4 O and R are side by side with R at the bottom and O on the top.
5 L is placed at the lower right of C.
6 R and J are in a vertical line with R on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned left to B.
2 H is placed in the left direction of I.
3 If N is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
4 The object K is positioned directly above the object G.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
6 G is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the left and L is on the right.
2 V is over there and X is on the right.
3 Y is above and to the left of X.
4 V is to the top-left of U.
5 Q is below and to the right of Y.
6 Y is positioned above H and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The objects B and Z are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 K is to the top of H vertically.
3 C and P are side by side with C to the left and P to the right.
4 C is upper right to U.
5 K and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 P is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 C is diagonally right and above N.
4 H is placed on the top of P.
5 P is under S.
6 H is positioned right to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 X is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Object C is below object D and to the left of it, too.
3 D is directly south west of B.
4 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
5 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object Q.
6 J is lower right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	above	1
1 N is directly above R.
2 J is on the right and H is on the left.
3 G is at N’s 9 o'clock.
4 The object S is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
5 D is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is at the bottom of D vertically.
2 Q and N are side by side with N at the bottom and Q on the top.
3 M and V are parallel, and M is under V.
4 Z and Q are next to each other with Z on the top and Q at the bottom.
5 E and N are side by side with N at the bottom and E on the top.
6 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower left position to P.
2 G is placed in the left direction of C.
3 E is at Z's 6 o'clock.
4 Z presents over C.
5 C is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 G is below Y and to the right of Y.
2 Q is positioned above and to the left of Z.
3 Z is diagonally left and below B.
4 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
5 K is over there and O is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
2 U is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
3 N is below R and to the left of R.
4 R is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
5 U is diagonally left and above U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the left and R is on the right.
2 V is positioned below I and to the left.
3 The objects E and P are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
4 U is placed at the lower left of P.
5 P is positioned below R and to the right.
6 R and A are horizontal and R is to the right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 D is below B at 7 o'clock.
2 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
3 Y is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
4 Y is to the top-right of U.
5 V is positioned in the lower right corner of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the lower left of H.
2 The object M and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 B is to the bottom left of H.
4 Y is sitting at the lower left position to N.
5 D is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 R and T are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
2 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
3 R is below A and to the right of A.
4 V is at the lower side of T.
5 A is above H with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 W is on the top side to A.
2 O is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
4 Y is on the top and U is at the bottom.
5 X is placed at the upper right of Y.
6 U is over there and G is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 H and Z are parallel, and H on the right of Z.
2 V is lower left to Z.
3 Z is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
5 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
6 M and A are side by side with M on the top and A at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the right side and top of A.
2 S and H are parallel, and S is on top of H.
3 U is diagonally right and above H.
4 The objects H and V are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
5 C is above R at 10 o'clock.
6 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 F is positioned above T.
3 If Y is the center of a clock face, B is located between 4 and 5.
4 Z and Y are in a vertical line with Z on top.
5 Y is sitting at the lower left position to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 B is placed in the left direction of M.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
3 R and Z are side by side with R on the top and Z at the bottom.
4 Z and G are both there with the object G below the object Z.
5 G is on the lower left of F.
6 J is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	below	1
1 O is to the bottom right of Y.
2 L is placed in the left direction of E.
3 E and X are vertical and E is below X.
4 J is diagonally left and above J.
5 X is on the right side and below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is lower left to K.
2 E is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 S is sitting in the left direction of E.
4 F is above and to the right of S.
5 I is sitting at the upper right position to T.
6 P is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the bottom-left of P.
2 D is to the top-right of H.
3 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
4 Object H is below object L and to the left of it, too.
5 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 E is over there and H is on the right.
2 G is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
3 A is on the left side and above Z.
4 N is on the right side and below X.
5 E is directly south west of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	above	1
1 K and U are parallel, and K is on top of U.
2 A is above E at 2 o'clock.
3 O is on the top side to E.
4 A is to the bottom-right of R.
5 G is above R and to the right of R.
6 F is above and to the right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	below	1
1 U is to the bottom right of R.
2 G and U are in a horizontal line with U on the right.
3 R and S are side by side with S at the bottom and R on the top.
4 H is placed at the upper left of G.
5 If F is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	above	1
1 Y presents left to P.
2 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
3 K is to the bottom right of J.
4 K presents upper left to P.
5 A is to the upper left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	above	1
1 Object Z is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 S is below Y.
3 Object R is above object N and to the left of it, too.
4 Q is upper left of W.
5 N is on the right side to Y.
6 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the top-right of W.
2 Q and P are horizontal and Q is to the left of P.
3 If K is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
4 X is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 J is below and to the right of K.
6 S presents left to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 U is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
2 W and B are side by side with W to the left and B to the right.
3 B is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
4 B is positioned in the front right corner of E.
5 W is diagonally to the upper left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	below	1
1 U is sitting in the right direction of G.
2 R is sitting at the lower right position to G.
3 K is below I.
4 U is placed at the upper right of N.
5 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
6 H is positioned below E.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	above	1
1 U is south west of L.
2 H is above I at 10 o'clock.
3 H is below Z with a small gap between them.
4 H is over there and L is on the left.
5 J is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object D is positioned directly above the object P.
2 E is at J’s 9 o'clock.
3 V is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
4 If K is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
5 U is on the top side to Z.
6 J is diagonally right and below D.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the left of C horizontally.
2 T and A are parallel, and T on the right of A.
3 Y and A are in a vertical line with A below Y.
4 R is to the top-right of M.
5 M is directly north east of T.
6 P is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 K is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
2 E is on the right and W is on the left.
3 U is diagonally left and below E.
4 O is positioned below R.
5 U is on top of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 U and E are both there with the object E below the object U.
2 F and O are next to each other with F on the top and O at the bottom.
3 J is positioned below U and to the left.
4 E is over there and B is on the left of it.
5 N is to the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	below	1
1 A is on the left and L is on the right.
2 Y and L are both there with the object L below the object Y.
3 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
4 O is to the top of Y vertically.
5 Object O is below object J and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	left	1
1 S and Z are side by side with S to the right and Z to the left.
2 I is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
3 If D is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
4 M is directly south west of I.
5 V is positioned in the front right corner of M.
6 M is on the top and H is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the bottom right of B.
2 I is to the upper left of N.
3 The object P is positioned directly above the object B.
4 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
5 P is positioned right to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 F is placed at the upper right of V.
2 O is diagonally to the upper right of F.
3 Z is under U.
4 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
5 F is to the upper left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting at the top position to V.
2 R is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
3 Z is above and to the right of R.
4 L is at the bottom and K is on the top.
5 F is positioned above U and to the right.
6 R and Q are side by side with R to the left and Q to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	above	1
1 G presents left to A.
2 If Y is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
3 E is to the top-left of H.
4 A is diagonally right and below V.
5 Z is directly south east of Y.
6 G is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 R is placed at the lower right of U.
3 U is sitting at the lower position to C.
4 B is positioned up and to the right of R.
5 A is upper left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	below	1
1 H is to the right of B.
2 J is to the top of H vertically.
3 B is upper right to N.
4 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
5 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
6 P is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Z is directly north west of B.
3 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
4 P is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
5 U and M are parallel, and U on the right of M.
6 B is positioned above and to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 I and P are side by side with I to the left and P to the right.
2 Q and A are parallel, and Q is over A.
3 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object G.
4 K is directly south east of Y.
5 K is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 W is lower right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the right side and top of X.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
3 S is over there and N is on the left.
4 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object D.
5 Y is above U and to the left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	right	1
1 J is on the left side and above O.
2 J is over there and C is on the top of it.
3 O and X are next to each other with X on the right and O on the left.
4 Y is placed in the right direction of J.
5 F is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 P presents over X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned above N and to the left.
2 H is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
3 C is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 V is to the left of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 C is over there and N is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	left	1
1 F and T are parallel, and F is to the right of T.
2 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object S.
3 F is to the upper left of X.
4 X and G are in a vertical line with X on top.
5 U is over there and M is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Object S is above object D and to the left of it, too.
2 U is over there and K is on the top of it.
3 K is below T at 7 o'clock.
4 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
5 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
6 I is positioned right to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	above	1
1 N and G are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
2 B is to the top of G vertically.
3 G is on the upper right of V.
4 G is on the left side of and below H.
5 X is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I is north east of A.
2 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 J is on the left and K is on the right.
4 L is positioned down and to the left of B.
5 Z is over there and L is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the upper right of N.
2 K is at the lower side of T.
3 N is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 W is above D at 2 o'clock.
5 T and H are next to each other with H at the bottom T on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
2 Q is directly south west of U.
3 H and V are both there with the object H is to the left of object V.
4 T is south west of J.
5 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 V and G are both there with the object V above the object G.
2 D is above and to the right of H.
3 V is below and to the right of X.
4 V and Y are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
5 G is below C and to the right of C.
6 C is to the left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	left	1
1 W is diagonally below A to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 A is above K at 2 o'clock.
3 K is above J with a small gap between them.
4 A is over U.
5 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
6 P and J are parallel, and P on the right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Y is lower right of N.
2 N and E are parallel, and N is to the left of E.
3 The object E is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
4 E presents below W.
5 H is over there and B is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 O is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
2 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
3 T is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
4 B is placed at the bottom of Y.
5 D and U are side by side with D to the right and U to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object X and R are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 A presents upper left to X.
3 Z and J are parallel, and Z on the left of J.
4 F is on the top and W is at the bottom.
5 W and R are parallel, and W is on top of R.
6 X presents upper right to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	below	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 B is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face B.
3 C is above H and to the left of H.
4 C is on the left and I is on the right.
5 C is on the lower left of W.
6 E is diagonally to the upper right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper right of P.
2 W is north west of P.
3 O is diagonally right and above W.
4 M is above and to the left of A.
5 F is on top of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 M and A are parallel, and M is to the right of A.
2 O is sitting at the lower position to M.
3 P is over there and Z is on the left of it.
4 Object J is below object M and to the left of it, too.
5 P is there and O is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 W is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the top side to W.
2 X is directly south east of B.
3 W is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
4 G is over there and K is on the right.
5 The object N is positioned directly below the object A.
6 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	above	1
1 C is at J's 6 o'clock.
2 T is below G.
3 Q is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
4 J and X are both there with the object J above the object X.
5 J is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 C is at Y's 6 o'clock.
3 C is above N.
4 C and K are next to each other with C on the left and K on the right.
5 N is placed at the bottom of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 K is over there with V above.
3 G presents upper left to V.
4 N is to the top-right of U.
5 A is sitting at the lower position to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	below	1
1 T is to the bottom-left of M.
2 M is to the right of P.
3 O is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
4 M and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and M on the top.
5 F and U are next to each other with F on the top and U at the bottom.
6 M and N are parallel, and M is over N.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	left	1
1 H and Q are both there with the object H is to the right of object Q.
2 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
3 E is lower left to L.
4 X is placed at the lower left of U.
5 The object J and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 L presents left to S.
2 S is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 T is on the right side to V.
4 O is positioned left to P.
5 S is below P and to the right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	right	1
1 L is on the top side to D.
2 Z presents over L.
3 The object G is positioned directly above the object L.
4 D is over there and R is on the top of it.
5 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
6 The object X and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	above	1
1 B is under O.
2 R is to the bottom-right of H.
3 D and H are side by side with D to the right and H to the left.
4 O and S are both there with the object O above the object S.
5 H is on the left side to O.
6 L is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	below	1
1 Z is over there and O is on the right.
2 A is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 H is above and to the left of E.
4 H is diagonally above G to the right at a 45 degree.
5 A is directly below R.
6 E is diagonally left and below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Z is below and to the left of X.
2 O is north east of Y.
3 F is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 F and X are next to each other with X on the right and F on the left.
5 V is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 M is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
2 D is at E’s 9 o'clock.
3 U is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 E is to the right of U horizontally.
5 I is positioned above K and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper left of S.
2 G is placed on the top of C.
3 N is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 A is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 C and R are parallel, and C on the right of R.
6 N is above R and to the left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Z presents left to I.
2 K is placed at the upper left of M.
3 D and Q are both there with the object Q below the object D.
4 D is above K at 2 o'clock.
5 T is on the right side and below K.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
2 I is sitting at the lower position to T.
3 R is to the left of P.
4 A is over there with T above.
5 G is placed in the left direction of I.
6 T is on the right side and top of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 R is upper right to O.
3 F is placed at the bottom of J.
4 Z is sitting at the upper right position to D.
5 F is diagonally right and below T.
6 B is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the bottom of N.
2 A is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 H is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 F is on the top side to R.
5 C is positioned above N.
6 C is lower left to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the top-right of Z.
2 G is above and to the right of X.
3 N is to the right of E horizontally.
4 U is diagonally to the upper right of X.
5 Z is to the top right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
2 X and G are side by side with X to the left and G to the right.
3 W and B are horizontal and W is to the right of B.
4 B is on the upper right of M.
5 W is below I and to the right of I.
6 O is over there and Z is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and B is on the left.
2 G is directly south west of J.
3 G is diagonally right and above Z.
4 H is at M's 12 o'clock.
5 G is sitting at the top position to K.
6 J is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the left side and above A.
2 S is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
3 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
4 K is above S at 2 o'clock.
5 G is south east of Q.
6 N and G are parallel, and N on the left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	left	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of R.
2 T is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 K and O are in a vertical line with O below K.
4 K and R are next to each other with R at the bottom K on the top.
5 K is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 W is on the lower left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	left	1
1 D is positioned above B and to the right.
2 O is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
3 H and D are side by side with H on the top and D at the bottom.
4 T is directly above C.
5 P is to the upper left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 C is directly above X.
2 K is placed at the upper right of U.
3 U and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and U on the left.
4 K is positioned above V and to the left.
5 V is below and to the left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	right	1
1 W and A are next to each other with W on the top and A at the bottom.
2 W is on the lower right of O.
3 F is below A with a small gap between them.
4 P is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
5 W is diagonally to the upper left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 V is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 V is on top of D.
3 R is to the right of U horizontally.
4 W and X are both there with the object W above the object X.
5 U is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object P is positioned directly above the object O.
2 M is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
3 P is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
4 H is to the right of S.
5 I and H are parallel, and H is below I.
6 H is to the left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	above	1
1 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
2 V is over there and T is directly below it.
3 T is directly north west of L.
4 V is placed at the upper right of P.
5 O is below D and to the left of D.
6 Q and I are next to each other with Q on the left and I on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
2 M presents lower left to C.
3 The objects M and R are over there. The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
4 K presents right to C.
5 G is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	right	1
1 Q is to the left of E horizontally.
2 A is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
3 Z and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
4 K and Y are next to each other with K on the top and Y at the bottom.
5 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
6 Q and O are in a vertical line with Q on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 V is at A's 3 o'clock.
2 S is north east of Q.
3 B is on the left and H is on the right.
4 M is to the top right of I.
5 H is on top of Q.
6 V is diagonally left and below S.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 F and R are parallel, and F is under R.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
3 A is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 A is directly north west of H.
5 W is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 B is diagonally left and above B.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
2 S is positioned below and to the right of L.
3 G is lower left to Z.
4 A is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 K presents lower left to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object S is positioned directly below the object C.
2 A is to the upper left of T.
3 F and B are vertical and F is above B.
4 T is placed at the upper left of S.
5 A is positioned above and to the left of M.
6 D is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 R is positioned below N and to the right.
2 L is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 L and S are horizontal and L is to the right of S.
4 L is on the upper right of R.
5 E is directly north west of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 L is directly below U.
2 The object T and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 The objects B and L are over there. The object B is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
4 K is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 L is at P's 12 o'clock.
6 L is over there with J above.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	right	1
1 P is lower right of W.
2 Y and Z are side by side with Y on the top and Z at the bottom.
3 The object Q is positioned directly above the object Z.
4 A is at Z's 3 o'clock.
5 V presents below Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	above	1
1 S is placed in the left direction of N.
2 R is to the top right of S.
3 S presents over C.
4 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
5 Y is on the left side to O.
6 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	below	1
1 S is above T.
2 The objects T and D are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 K and W are horizontal and K is to the left of W.
4 The object F is positioned directly below the object O.
5 K is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	below	1
1 R and G are both there with the object G below the object R.
2 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
3 E is over there and B is directly below it.
4 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
5 Y is below and to the left of J.
6 Q is to the bottom left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 A is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 C is above D and to the right of D.
4 Q is positioned below B and to the left.
5 R is directly south east of N.
6 S and N are both there with the object S above the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	above	1
1 I is on the left side to O.
2 D is diagonally to the upper right of T.
3 O is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 I and S are both there with the object S below the object I.
5 D is to the upper left of O.
6 U is directly north east of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 A is to the top-left of R.
2 X is positioned below and to the right of H.
3 H is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 The object K is positioned directly below the object H.
5 K is below T and to the right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	left	1
1 B is on the left side to N.
2 W is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 P is positioned down and to the left of U.
4 N and D are vertical and N is above D.
5 The object N is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
6 F is sitting at the upper left position to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 W is over there and H is on the left.
2 R is over there and Z is directly above it.
3 C is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
4 C is lower right of U.
5 N is on the top and W is at the bottom.
6 N and O are horizontal and N is to the right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the right of Z.
2 If M is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
3 O is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 E is over U.
5 T is above and to the right of L.
6 E is sitting at the upper left position to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
2 K and U are parallel, and K is to the right of U.
3 S is above and to the right of U.
4 C is above W.
5 V is below S and to the right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 W is over C.
2 J is directly above R.
3 M is positioned in the front right corner of I.
4 The objects J and A are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
5 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 B is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object G.
3 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
4 J is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
5 A is placed in the left direction of O.
6 G is to the top right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 X and A are parallel, and X is under A.
2 D is positioned left to S.
3 D is to the top-right of A.
4 I and M are horizontal and I is to the right of M.
5 S is at L's 6 o'clock.
6 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned in the front right corner of I.
2 I is over there and O is directly below it.
3 R is positioned below O and to the right.
4 J is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 F is there and O is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	right	1
1 A is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 M is below and to the left of L.
3 Z is at the bottom and I is on the top.
4 V is over there and Y is on the left of it.
5 Y is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Object V is above object R and to the left of it, too.
2 V is at Y's 6 o'clock.
3 Y presents below Q.
4 P is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 T is at the bottom and B is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned left to C.
2 Q is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 U is sitting in the right direction of J.
4 L is diagonally left and above L.
5 S and A are side by side with S to the left and A to the right.
6 S is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	right	1
1 O is on the right side and top of C.
2 Q is sitting at the upper left position to B.
3 Z is directly south east of K.
4 C is south east of N.
5 C presents over B.
6 Q is above S.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	below	1
1 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 V presents upper right to X.
3 S is diagonally left and above S.
4 G is upper left of W.
5 T is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 K and L are next to each other with K on the top and L at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q and N are parallel, and Q is to the right of N.
2 C is at G's 6 o'clock.
3 G is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
4 L is lower right of C.
5 G is lower left to A.
6 X is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	below	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 I is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 V is north west of O.
4 If V is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
5 B is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 Object N is above object V and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned left to C.
2 Q is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 Q is under S.
4 Y is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
5 T is over there and Z is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object K is positioned directly below the object J.
2 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
3 H is to the right of V.
4 H is to the top-left of K.
5 G is above and to the left of Y.
6 C and E are side by side with E at the bottom and C on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	right	1
1 V is directly north east of W.
2 I is to the upper left of H.
3 V is at the bottom of Q.
4 The object I and Q are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
5 S is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	left	1
1 T is above N.
2 R is over there with A below.
3 T is diagonally to the upper left of L.
4 The object T is positioned directly below the object R.
5 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object R is positioned directly above the object Q.
2 M is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
4 R is below J with a small gap between them.
5 B and R are horizontal and B is to the right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 D is lower right of C.
3 B is north west of U.
4 K presents right to V.
5 X is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	left	1
1 Y and U are side by side with Y to the right and U to the left.
2 B is diagonally left and above B.
3 Y is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 Z and V are side by side with V at the bottom and Z on the top.
5 If B is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
6 U is above M at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 S is positioned down and to the left of I.
3 M is lower right of W.
4 F is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 P is lower right of F.
6 P is north west of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
2 G is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
3 S is above and to the right of C.
4 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
5 C and J are next to each other with C on the left and J on the right.
6 E is to the top of F vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to O.
2 Z is over there and O is on the right of it.
3 Object T is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
4 K is below W at 7 o'clock.
5 The object R is positioned directly below the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned left to O.
2 C is above W with a small gap between them.
3 E is placed at the bottom of K.
4 If D is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
5 The objects O and I are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
6 E is over there and F is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 X presents over D.
2 J is placed at the bottom of U.
3 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled Z.
4 D is placed in the right direction of Z.
5 P and B are horizontal and P is to the right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 W and A are parallel, and W is under A.
2 Z is below W with a small gap between them.
3 Z and K are both there with the object Z is to the right of object K.
4 U is placed at the lower left of L.
5 H and Y are side by side with H to the right and Y to the left.
6 W is directly below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 A is placed in the right direction of T.
2 D is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
3 R is at X’s 9 o'clock.
4 V is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 The object V and R are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 V and J are next to each other with V on the top and J at the bottom.
2 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
3 J is on the left side and above Z.
4 P is above L and to the left of L.
5 C is to the left of Z horizontally.
6 Z is below and to the left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 C is north east of F.
2 D is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
3 F is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 I and F are horizontal and I is to the left of F.
5 X and C are parallel, and X is over C.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 O is positioned left to E.
2 S is below T.
3 B is over there and Y is directly below it.
4 W is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 O is south west of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	below	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
2 A is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 M is diagonally right and below O.
4 C is below and to the right of R.
5 J is diagonally to the upper right of F.
6 R is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	left	1
1 L is to the right of T horizontally.
2 N is over there and P is on the left.
3 T presents lower left to H.
4 A is to the top of P vertically.
5 W and S are vertical and W is above S.
6 H is over there with A below.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	above	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
2 W is on the top side to R.
3 F and R are side by side with F to the left and R to the right.
4 B and F are side by side with B to the left and F to the right.
5 V is positioned below R and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 E presents right to S.
2 E and M are both there with the object E is to the right of object M.
3 Y and R are horizontal and Y is to the right of R.
4 B is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
5 E is below and to the left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 Q is lower left to P.
2 D is placed in the left direction of G.
3 D is diagonally below F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 F is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
5 E and G are side by side with E on the top and G at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 N and Z are horizontal and N is to the right of Z.
2 N is sitting in the right direction of M.
3 M is under Q.
4 M is over there with F below.
5 U is above and to the left of T.
6 X is to the top of N vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the bottom-right of X.
2 B presents right to Y.
3 X is positioned above O and to the right.
4 M is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 G is on the left side of and below C.
6 M is above Y and to the left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Y and P are horizontal and Y is to the left of P.
2 P is at the lower side of F.
3 F and U are next to each other with F on the left and U on the right.
4 X and F are horizontal and X is to the left of F.
5 A is on the right and K is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	right	1
1 F is positioned left to B.
2 Z is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
3 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
4 N is below V at 4 o'clock.
5 A is above O and to the right of O.
6 B is to the bottom-right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Object R is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 J is on the lower left of D.
3 R is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
4 R is placed at the upper left of M.
5 H is to the left of A.
6 Q and A are side by side with Q to the left and A to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the left side of and below D.
2 F and K are in a vertical line with F on top.
3 C is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
4 F is positioned above D.
5 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
6 L is upper right to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	above	1
1 K and L are parallel, and L is below K.
2 Z is on the left side to K.
3 A is on the left and P is on the right.
4 O is to the top of H vertically.
5 P presents lower left to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	left	1
1 N is to the right of W horizontally.
2 Q and U are parallel, and Q is under U.
3 M is placed at the upper left of L.
4 Object N is below object P and to the left of it, too.
5 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
6 M is below W with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
2 J is over there and P is on the right of it.
3 W is over there and B is on the left.
4 I is over there and P is directly above it.
5 F presents right to J.
6 J is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 T is south west of A.
2 W is on the left side to T.
3 Q is below T and to the left of T.
4 V is to the right of P.
5 O is lower right of A.
6 A is at the bottom of C vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
2 R is to the left of U horizontally.
3 K is at Z's 12 o'clock.
4 Z is to the top of G vertically.
5 Object X is below object K and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	below	1
1 A is directly south east of Y.
2 T is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 T is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
4 C is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
5 E is over there with H below.
6 V is to the upper left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 C and H are vertical and C is above H.
3 H is directly below J.
4 M is positioned below O and to the left.
5 H presents below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	above	1
1 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
2 K is positioned up and to the right of F.
3 Q and Y are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
4 H and F are parallel, and H is to the right of F.
5 C presents right to K.
6 If U is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the bottom-right of R.
2 K and Z are next to each other with K on the top and Z at the bottom.
3 Z is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
4 D is above and to the left of A.
5 The object O and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	right	1
1 U is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 U is on the left side to Y.
3 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
4 T is upper right to X.
5 T presents left to U.
6 N is sitting in the right direction of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 C is directly south west of F.
2 R is placed in the right direction of T.
3 R presents over C.
4 T and V are side by side with T to the right and V to the left.
5 X is diagonally to the upper right of F.
6 W is at the bottom and A is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	right	1
1 C is to the bottom left of G.
2 U is at the lower side of B.
3 M is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face M.
4 M is over there with G below.
5 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 C and A are next to each other with C on the left and A on the right.
2 W is upper left of S.
3 Y is on the top and A is at the bottom.
4 W is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
5 O is to the top-left of F.
6 S is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 Object W is below object O and to the left of it, too.
3 D is lower right of S.
4 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
5 U and A are both there with the object U is to the left of object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
2 L is at the bottom of P vertically.
3 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
4 V presents upper left to C.
5 L is below O at 7 o'clock.
6 L is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	above	1
1 F is sitting at the upper right position to A.
2 E is sitting at the upper right position to C.
3 A is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 C is placed at the upper right of F.
5 F is below and to the right of Z.
6 M is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	above	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 V is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
3 W is positioned above and to the left of X.
4 E is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
5 K is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 G is south west of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the left of W horizontally.
2 N is below and to the left of Y.
3 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
4 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
5 The object W is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
6 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
2 R and N are both there with the object N below the object R.
3 F and R are parallel, and F is to the right of R.
4 N and A are parallel, and N is to the right of A.
5 Object N is above object G and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 G is on top of B.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
3 J is placed at the upper left of K.
4 B and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
5 G is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	left	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
3 R and P are horizontal and R is to the left of P.
4 O is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 T is above A and to the right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 G is at T's 3 o'clock.
2 F is to the top-right of B.
3 F is over there and H is on the left of it.
4 H and S are both there with the object H is to the right of object S.
5 F is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 V and H are both there with the object V is to the right of object H.
2 H is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
3 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
4 B is positioned in the front right corner of V.
5 N and P are parallel, and N is to the right of P.
6 D is over there with I below.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
2 The objects B and Q are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 The objects J and B are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
4 Q is to the left of K horizontally.
5 O is at G's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 B is at the lower side of R.
2 J is upper right to B.
3 R presents upper left to O.
4 Q is diagonally to the upper left of G.
5 R presents lower right to K.
6 N is above and to the right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	above	1
1 N is placed at the lower right of V.
2 C and G are next to each other with C on the left and G on the right.
3 G is below X at 4 o'clock.
4 T presents lower left to W.
5 T is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 N is diagonally right and below C.
2 The object N and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 C and Y are parallel, and C is to the left of Y.
4 Z is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Q is to the top of N vertically.
6 P is to the bottom right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 S and L are in a vertical line with L below S.
2 G is on the right side and top of J.
3 M is at the lower side of G.
4 R is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
5 W is sitting in the left direction of D.
6 D is over there and J is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	right	1
1 W is to the upper left of X.
2 A is sitting at the lower position to E.
3 E is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 R and M are next to each other with R on the left and M on the right.
5 Q is below P with a small gap between them.
6 A is placed on the top of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	left	1
1 S and X are parallel, and S on the right of X.
2 B is below A at 7 o'clock.
3 W is over there and A is on the left of it.
4 V is at the bottom of W vertically.
5 S is placed in the right direction of B.
6 R and Z are side by side with R on the top and Z at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 G and R are side by side with R at the bottom and G on the top.
2 J is over there and A is on the left.
3 A is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
4 J is to the bottom-right of S.
5 N is lower right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 A is above I and to the right of I.
2 S is south east of T.
3 U and G are in a vertical line with U on top.
4 The object A and B are there. The object A is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
5 I is on the left side and above S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally left and above H.
2 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object I.
3 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
4 E is placed in the right direction of R.
5 X is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
6 E is sitting at the lower position to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to E.
2 D is to the bottom-right of E.
3 Object Q is below object J and to the left of it, too.
4 S and B are both there with the object B below the object S.
5 If G is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
6 If H is the center of a clock face, B is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 K is to the top-right of O.
2 T is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 O and W are horizontal and O is to the right of W.
4 B is south west of K.
5 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	left	1
1 Z and X are horizontal and Z is to the left of X.
2 Q is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
4 A is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
5 S is positioned above and to the left of C.
6 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 M is at the bottom of H.
2 W is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
4 J is over there and T is directly above it.
5 M is below B at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	left	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of A.
2 U is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 S is to the left of U horizontally.
4 A and O are parallel, and A on the left of O.
5 H is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 I is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
3 G is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
4 I is below and to the right of S.
5 X and U are both there with the object X is to the right of object U.
6 I and O are parallel, and I is to the left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting at the top position to G.
2 V and Y are both there with the object Y below the object V.
3 The objects J and U are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
5 B is at the lower side of L.
6 P and V are parallel, and P is to the right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	above	1
1 X is over there and Y is directly below it.
2 I is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
3 F is lower left to Z.
4 C is directly south west of P.
5 Object C is above object A and to the left of it, too.
6 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	below	1
1 F is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
2 H presents upper right to K.
3 L is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
4 U is on the right side and below R.
5 W is directly north west of R.
6 If W is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 A presents over P.
2 A is positioned below and to the right of R.
3 O is on top of Y.
4 C is positioned in the front right corner of P.
5 Z is to the upper left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
2 N is lower left to Q.
3 F is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 O is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
5 M is below O and to the right of O.
6 O is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
2 Z is sitting at the upper left position to P.
3 E is at the bottom of Z vertically.
4 E is on the lower left of J.
5 N is positioned in the top left corner of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	above	1
1 B is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 O is over N.
3 If N is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
4 N is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 R is sitting in the right direction of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The object K and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 The object B is positioned directly above the object H.
3 P is at N’s 9 o'clock.
4 B is sitting at the lower position to K.
5 O is to the left of V with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	below	1
1 C presents right to D.
2 Y is upper left of J.
3 J is over there with C above.
4 H is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 C is diagonally to the bottom right of N.
6 E is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 M is directly north west of L.
2 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
3 B and L are side by side with L at the bottom and B on the top.
4 B is below F at 4 o'clock.
5 F is positioned in the front right corner of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	right	1
1 M presents upper left to Y.
2 N presents lower right to O.
3 M is sitting at the lower right position to E.
4 T is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 A is positioned above T and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	left	1
1 Z is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
3 T and G are vertical and T is below G.
4 P is placed in the right direction of E.
5 P is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
6 Q is sitting at the lower position to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	left	1
1 A is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
2 The object labeled L is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
3 C is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 P is over there and Y is on the left.
5 G is to the right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 E is to the right of G.
3 S and T are both there with the object S above the object T.
4 L is positioned above Y.
5 E is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 P is at the lower side of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
2 L is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
3 Y is positioned above C and to the left.
4 C is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
5 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
2 R and J are side by side with R to the right and J to the left.
3 P is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
4 Y is sitting at the lower right position to E.
5 P is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
6 M is to the bottom-left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	above	1
1 W is placed at the lower left of G.
2 S and C are side by side with S to the left and C to the right.
3 Z is to the right of W horizontally.
4 E is upper left of M.
5 M is at G’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
2 The object J is positioned directly above the object V.
3 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
4 A is to the top-left of W.
5 O is below R.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Q is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face Q.
2 C is below W and to the right of W.
3 Q is over there with C above.
4 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
5 N is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	below	1
1 A is on the right and S is on the left.
2 J and I are next to each other with J on the top and I at the bottom.
3 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object H.
4 A is at J's 6 o'clock.
5 X is over there and Z is directly below it.
6 G is sitting at the lower left position to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 R is upper left of L.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
3 W is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 C is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 W is directly north west of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 I is above N.
2 I is below and to the right of G.
3 K presents over J.
4 R is directly south west of M.
5 If G is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 O and U are both there with the object O is to the right of object U.
2 J is to the right of E.
3 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
4 The object labeled U is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
5 P and K are parallel, and P is under K.
6 Object G is below object O and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	left	1
1 Q is directly south west of A.
2 W is positioned in the top left corner of A.
3 V is positioned right to J.
4 G is at the bottom of J.
5 N is positioned below and to the right of P.
6 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 H presents lower left to Y.
2 Y is at O’s 9 o'clock.
3 W is above A and to the left of A.
4 Y and A are parallel, and Y on the right of A.
5 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object C.
6 Q is placed in the right direction of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 P and D are side by side with P to the right and D to the left.
2 S and L are side by side with S to the right and L to the left.
3 Y and G are vertical and Y is below G.
4 Q is positioned below and to the right of U.
5 L presents lower right to Q.
6 Y is on the right and S is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	left	1
1 N is positioned left to C.
2 J and K are in a vertical line with K below J.
3 L is lower right of X.
4 The object C is positioned directly above the object X.
5 The object N and Y are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 U is sitting in the left direction of J.
2 J is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 L is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 E is sitting at the upper left position to U.
5 G is on the right side to U.
6 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper right of L.
2 I is south west of N.
3 H is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
4 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
5 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
6 O and A are in a vertical line with O on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned left to V.
2 Z is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 W is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 O is placed at the lower left of A.
5 Z is below P with a small gap between them.
6 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	right	1
1 F is to the left of X.
2 T is over there and A is directly above it.
3 C is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
4 L is over there and P is on the left.
5 A is to the top-right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 L presents lower left to D.
2 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
3 Z is over there and N is directly above it.
4 G is sitting at the upper left position to U.
5 Q is on the right side and below Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	below	1
1 O is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Object Q is below object W and to the right of it, too.
3 O is below T with a small gap between them.
4 N and S are parallel, and N is over S.
5 P is above S with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 G and M are side by side with G to the right and M to the left.
2 W is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 T and X are side by side with T to the right and X to the left.
4 Y is on the upper right of S.
5 Y is directly north west of J.
6 S is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	left	1
1 U and S are parallel, and U on the left of S.
2 B is south east of T.
3 E is below S and to the left of S.
4 R is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
5 J is above U at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 O is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
3 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
4 K is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
5 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the bottom right of X.
2 G presents below B.
3 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
4 Z is at the bottom of D vertically.
5 C is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 T is on the top and W is at the bottom.
2 N is sitting at the lower position to U.
3 C is sitting at the upper left position to V.
4 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
5 B and W are side by side with B on the top and W at the bottom.
6 H is on the left side of and below T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 B presents upper left to G.
2 The object L and Z are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object Z.
3 M and Z are parallel, and M is to the right of Z.
4 M is lower left to X.
5 X and B are side by side with X to the left and B to the right.
6 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally right and above L.
2 R is sitting at the top position to F.
3 I is over there with S below.
4 R is directly below X.
5 W is over there and P is on the right.
6 L is positioned above and to the left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 K is over there and Z is on the right of it.
2 K is below D with a small gap between them.
3 V and D are parallel, and V on the left of D.
4 Q is positioned left to V.
5 I is diagonally left and below R.
6 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	left	1
1 D is on the left side to H.
2 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
3 Q is sitting at the top position to I.
4 C is on the left side of and below H.
5 N and S are horizontal and N is to the right of S.
6 N is positioned below D and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 S is directly above R.
2 R is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
3 C is lower right of Q.
4 S is positioned above T.
5 S presents lower left to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 K and H are horizontal and K is to the left of H.
2 H is at the bottom and O is on the top.
3 The object J and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
4 B is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
5 H is upper left of B.
6 C is above and to the left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
2 G is on the lower right of Z.
3 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
4 G is below and to the right of U.
5 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of W.
6 Q is placed on the top of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 I is positioned above and to the left of K.
3 E is sitting at the top position to I.
4 Y is over there and J is on the left.
5 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	right	1
1 Object C is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 Q is above C and to the right of C.
3 The objects F and I are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
4 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of I.
5 K is placed at the lower left of L.
6 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the top-right of U.
2 The objects G and H are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 If H is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
4 R is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 If X is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the left and D is on the right.
2 A is below and to the right of T.
3 Object G is below object A and to the left of it, too.
4 Y is diagonally left and below A.
5 A and Q are in a vertical line with A on top.
6 Q and P are side by side with Q on the top and P at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at the bottom of P.
2 E is diagonally left and above E.
3 E is above G and to the left of G.
4 K is diagonally right and above X.
5 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
6 D is positioned below K and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 Q is north east of Z.
3 Z is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
4 S is below K and to the left of K.
5 If B is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
6 Z and F are next to each other with Z on the left and F on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 M is on the lower left of E.
3 Y is south west of G.
4 T and Y are next to each other with T on the top and Y at the bottom.
5 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 K is above L and to the left of L.
2 Q is positioned up and to the right of R.
3 G is over there and N is directly above it.
4 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
5 J and G are in a vertical line with G below J.
6 Q is directly north east of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	above	1
1 L is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 T is on the upper right of C.
3 C and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
4 W is positioned above and to the left of B.
5 Z is positioned below H and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	above	1
1 J is lower right of X.
2 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
3 W is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 S is sitting in the left direction of X.
5 X is placed at the lower left of M.
6 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 T is placed at the bottom of E.
2 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
3 K and P are parallel, and K is to the left of P.
4 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
5 A is directly south west of V.
6 E is directly below D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
2 The objects E and V are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
3 D is at R's 12 o'clock.
4 X is positioned above C and to the left.
5 V is sitting at the lower right position to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	below	1
1 M is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 W is above F and to the right of F.
3 F is diagonally right and above Q.
4 L is diagonally to the upper right of W.
5 A is below and to the left of V.
6 Q is to the top-left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 S is below U at 4 o'clock.
3 W is directly north east of U.
4 S is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
5 O is over there and F is directly below it.
6 S is positioned below P and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 X and V are side by side with X to the right and V to the left.
2 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
4 I is upper right to V.
5 F and T are in a vertical line with T below F.
6 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	right	1
1 Z is diagonally left and below N.
2 R is sitting at the upper right position to P.
3 Z is diagonally right and below B.
4 Z is over there and S is directly above it.
5 B is positioned above J.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	right	1
1 X is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
2 Z and X are parallel, and Z is over X.
3 R is to the right of Q horizontally.
4 J is diagonally right and below U.
5 X is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
2 H is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
3 T is lower right of G.
4 O is below and to the left of U.
5 U is over there and B is directly below it.
6 B is on the left side and above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 E and L are parallel, and E is under L.
2 L is sitting at the lower position to G.
3 M and E are horizontal and M is to the left of E.
4 T is positioned below M and to the right.
5 B is above Q at 10 o'clock.
6 T is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 L is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
2 E is north east of U.
3 O is to the top of N vertically.
4 S is placed at the upper left of O.
5 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object T.
6 V is above L at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 V and F are side by side with F at the bottom and V on the top.
2 Y is at the lower side of D.
3 V is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
4 Y is to the top-right of F.
5 A is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 M is placed in the right direction of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
2 Y is directly south east of B.
3 Z is above U and to the left of U.
4 R and I are next to each other with I at the bottom R on the top.
5 Z is on the right side to Y.
6 C is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 F is upper right to U.
2 S is lower left to H.
3 C is positioned below and to the right of V.
4 F is above E and to the right of E.
5 H is to the left of E with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
2 B and H are parallel, and B is to the right of H.
3 Y and G are vertical and Y is below G.
4 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
5 F presents upper right to Y.
6 P is on the left side to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 C and D are next to each other with D at the bottom C on the top.
2 A is north west of V.
3 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
4 I is over there with Y below.
5 I is directly south west of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	above	1
1 T is on the lower right of H.
2 M is over there and Z is directly below it.
3 R is to the bottom-left of Z.
4 H is to the bottom right of Z.
5 S and P are vertical and S is above P.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Y and R are parallel, and Y is on top of R.
2 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
3 T and O are side by side with T to the left and O to the right.
4 W and X are parallel, and W is under X.
5 X and Y are in a vertical line with X on top.
6 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 Y is south west of B.
2 A and J are side by side with A to the left and J to the right.
3 J is to the bottom-left of Y.
4 L is positioned in the lower right corner of A.
5 W is to the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	above	1
1 B is above T at 10 o'clock.
2 I and K are parallel, and I is to the right of K.
3 B is over there and P is on the right.
4 T is positioned in the top left corner of I.
5 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 B is south west of R.
2 L is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 B and C are parallel, and B is to the left of C.
4 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
5 W is at D's 12 o'clock.
6 L is over there and B is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 H is above I and to the left of I.
2 K and W are side by side with K to the right and W to the left.
3 M and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
4 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
5 N is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the top side to C.
2 Q is to the upper left of M.
3 C is to the top of W vertically.
4 A and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
5 B and S are side by side with B to the right and S to the left.
6 C is positioned below X and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	left	1
1 P is on the left side to X.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
3 G is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
4 F is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
5 J is upper right to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 P is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
2 Y is to the bottom-left of C.
3 Object F is above object K and to the left of it, too.
4 D is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
5 If D is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 P is above O and to the right of O.
2 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
3 F is placed in the right direction of P.
4 F is positioned right to L.
5 D and B are parallel, and D on the right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Q is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
2 D is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 Q is positioned in the front right corner of T.
4 G and R are parallel, and G is to the right of R.
5 W presents right to M.
6 M and Q are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	left	1
1 B is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
2 T is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
3 M is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 B is to the top-right of X.
5 F is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned in the front right corner of K.
2 K is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 F is placed at the upper left of D.
4 I is over there and W is on the right of it.
5 X and F are both there with the object X is to the right of object F.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D is above X and to the left of X.
2 E and F are side by side with E on the top and F at the bottom.
3 F and M are in a vertical line with F on top.
4 F is placed at the lower right of A.
5 P is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 M is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	below	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 4 and 5.
2 R is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
4 Z is to the bottom-right of N.
5 J is positioned in the front right corner of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Z is positioned below and to the right of V.
2 B is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 S and K are parallel, and S is under K.
4 Y is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
5 J presents upper left to Z.
6 Y presents left to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the lower right of X.
2 J and C are next to each other with C on the right and J on the left.
3 T and G are side by side with T on the top and G at the bottom.
4 T and C are vertical and T is below C.
5 T and V are in a vertical line with V below T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Z and C are both there with the object Z is to the left of object C.
2 S and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
3 V is on the lower left of Z.
4 C is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 Z presents below X.
6 P is sitting at the top position to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	right	1
1 M is to the right of R horizontally.
2 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of I.
3 W is positioned in the lower right corner of A.
4 I is to the bottom-right of W.
5 C is positioned in the front right corner of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
2 O is on the lower left of A.
3 The object P is positioned directly below the object A.
4 B is at the lower side of R.
5 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	right	1
1 X and J are vertical and X is below J.
2 Q is to the bottom right of J.
3 N is sitting in the left direction of J.
4 E is to the top of N vertically.
5 I is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 C and O are parallel, and C is over O.
2 U presents below R.
3 V and C are both there with the object V is to the left of object C.
4 The object O is positioned directly above the object I.
5 Z is over there and V is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	left	1
1 S is to the right of P.
2 L and B are horizontal and L is to the right of B.
3 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
4 T is above and to the right of I.
5 B is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	right	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
2 U is positioned above O and to the left.
3 O is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
4 C is positioned below and to the right of S.
5 O is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned up and to the right of E.
2 V and B are in a vertical line with B below V.
3 B is on the right and A is on the left.
4 J is over there and A is on the left of it.
5 W is above V with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 X and L are vertical and X is below L.
2 L is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
3 K is diagonally left and below J.
4 T and L are parallel, and T is to the left of L.
5 S presents right to T.
6 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
2 S is placed at the lower right of H.
3 D is diagonally below A to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 W is to the top-left of R.
5 U is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 H presents over L.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	above	1
1 J is diagonally right and above H.
2 X and H are in a vertical line with X on top.
3 X and C are next to each other with C at the bottom X on the top.
4 K presents below S.
5 O is below H.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	below	1
1 M is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 H is north west of M.
3 G presents below A.
4 T is on the left side and above Y.
5 H is directly north east of Y.
6 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	left	1
1 The objects I and D are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 U and X are side by side with U to the right and X to the left.
3 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
5 J is on the right side and top of E.
6 D is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally left and below E.
2 U is under K.
3 P and A are side by side with A at the bottom and P on the top.
4 U and H are side by side with U to the left and H to the right.
5 O is above C.
6 U is sitting at the lower right position to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	left	1
1 F is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 U and W are parallel, and U is on top of W.
3 The objects I and R are over there. The object I is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
4 C is directly above F.
5 Z is on the right side to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 C and S are next to each other with S on the right and C on the left.
2 X is at the lower side of E.
3 T is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 K is to the bottom left of C.
5 K is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 7 and 8.
2 C is to the top-left of E.
3 J is placed on the top of Y.
4 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
5 V is to the top right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 I is over there and D is on the right of it.
2 D is on the left side of and below H.
3 K is over there and A is on the right of it.
4 D is sitting at the upper left position to U.
5 K and D are side by side with K on the top and D at the bottom.
6 Y is positioned below Z and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
2 M is to the bottom left of T.
3 H is to the upper left of X.
4 Object K is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
5 A is south west of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
2 B and X are parallel, and B is over X.
3 E is sitting at the upper right position to L.
4 E is placed in the left direction of B.
5 B and P are side by side with B to the right and P to the left.
6 W presents lower left to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned right to K.
2 V presents lower right to C.
3 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
4 H is positioned below and to the right of Q.
5 E is above O and to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	left	1
1 The object U and I are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 D and I are side by side with I at the bottom and D on the top.
3 X is diagonally left and below A.
4 D and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
5 M and D are both there with the object M is to the left of object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 J is below G at 7 o'clock.
2 H is on the left side of and below E.
3 E and M are vertical and E is below M.
4 H is below K.
5 F and E are horizontal and F is to the right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	right	1
1 K and Z are vertical and K is above Z.
2 S is above I.
3 M is there and Z is at the 2 position of a clock face M.
4 M is to the upper left of Y.
5 Z is sitting at the lower right position to J.
6 J is below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 E and U are horizontal and E is to the right of U.
2 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
3 M and C are vertical and M is below C.
4 W and R are parallel, and W is under R.
5 N and U are vertical and N is above U.
6 M is over there with E above.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
2 M is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 T and M are side by side with T on the top and M at the bottom.
4 D and O are parallel, and D is to the left of O.
5 H is on the left side of and below T.
6 X is over there and H is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	below	1
1 V presents upper left to E.
2 R and E are parallel, and R is to the left of E.
3 W is below and to the right of K.
4 J is below U with a small gap between them.
5 V is on the left side of and below J.
6 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	above	1
1 D is below H.
2 F is over there with H below.
3 F is on the right and R is on the left.
4 K is to the top-left of E.
5 P and F are in a horizontal line with F on the right.
6 H is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 R is over there with Y below.
2 Z is on the left side and above K.
3 Y is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 N and H are side by side with H at the bottom and N on the top.
5 Z is above and to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L and O are vertical and L is below O.
2 A is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
3 W is south west of Q.
4 S is at the bottom of O vertically.
5 Object O is below object G and to the left of it, too.
6 Q is lower left to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	above	1
1 E is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
2 K is above T at 10 o'clock.
3 Q is to the top of T vertically.
4 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of C.
5 The object G and W are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	above	1
1 D is to the bottom-right of N.
2 H is on the top and D is at the bottom.
3 H is over there and G is on the top of it.
4 H and C are next to each other with H on the left and C on the right.
5 Z is above X and to the right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 H is above and to the left of E.
2 W is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
3 V is above O and to the right of O.
4 V is upper right to C.
5 A and R are vertical and A is above R.
6 O is south west of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Q presents lower left to O.
2 O is sitting at the upper left position to S.
3 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
4 W is sitting at the lower right position to S.
5 J is placed at the upper right of N.
6 W is upper left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
2 Object Q is below object E and to the right of it, too.
3 Q presents left to A.
4 R is sitting in the left direction of D.
5 R is diagonally left and above R.
6 E is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	right	1
1 X is over there and D is directly below it.
2 U is lower left to J.
3 Z and O are both there with the object Z is to the left of object O.
4 D is directly north west of Z.
5 X is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
2 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
3 B is placed in the left direction of R.
4 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
5 Y is on the upper right of N.
6 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	left	1
1 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
2 I is at the bottom of U.
3 M is directly below W.
4 X and I are parallel, and X on the right of I.
5 S is above U with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	above	1
1 O is on the left side and above L.
2 I is lower right of N.
3 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object N.
4 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
5 A is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 A is above F.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the upper left of U.
2 H is above and to the right of Y.
3 The object O and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
4 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
5 X is upper left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 Y is to the left of W horizontally.
2 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
3 W is on top of E.
4 X is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 W presents below G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 W is positioned up and to the right of Y.
3 Y and I are horizontal and Y is to the right of I.
4 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
5 M is south east of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally left and below L.
2 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
3 The object I and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
4 Y and J are next to each other with J on the right and Y on the left.
5 The objects Y and B are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
6 E is placed at the lower left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 K and A are vertical and K is above A.
3 X is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 X is sitting in the right direction of S.
5 Q is to the left of P.
6 J is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	below	1
1 D is above T.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 O is upper left of D.
4 T is below N with a small gap between them.
5 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 N and I are parallel, and I is below N.
2 N is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 J is placed at the lower right of F.
4 C presents left to Z.
5 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
6 S is to the left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 T and Y are parallel, and Y is below T.
2 P is diagonally left and above P.
3 L is on the left and X is on the right.
4 T is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
5 I and B are next to each other with I on the left and B on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Q is positioned in the top left corner of I.
2 A is on the upper right of V.
3 The object V is positioned directly below the object Q.
4 V is placed in the right direction of W.
5 S presents left to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	left	1
1 I is under H.
2 V is at the lower side of H.
3 S is on the left and V is on the right.
4 A and P are horizontal and A is to the right of P.
5 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
6 I is above and to the left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
2 L is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
3 K is south east of U.
4 X is over there with P above.
5 I is placed on the top of N.
6 I presents below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 H and I are both there with the object H is to the right of object I.
2 W is at F’s 9 o'clock.
3 I is on the top side to W.
4 W is below N and to the left of N.
5 E is sitting at the top position to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
2 Y is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
3 Z is below and to the left of F.
4 V is placed at the lower right of E.
5 K is above Y at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
2 The objects D and P are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 If G is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
4 Object A is above object J and to the right of it, too.
5 Q is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
2 C and F are vertical and C is below F.
3 M is sitting at the lower position to Z.
4 Z and F are parallel, and F is below Z.
5 F is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
6 Y and R are parallel, and Y is on top of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Y is below and to the left of V.
2 S is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
3 O is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 O is over there and V is on the right of it.
5 W is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 D is over there and V is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	left	1
1 E is positioned above A and to the left.
2 X and A are parallel, and A is below X.
3 Y and X are parallel, and Y is on top of X.
4 Y is positioned in the front right corner of D.
5 E is positioned right to L.
6 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 I is at the bottom of W.
2 I presents below C.
3 X is positioned below and to the right of L.
4 I is positioned above Y and to the left.
5 Z is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 W is upper left of J.
3 Y is on the left side and above O.
4 R is over there and W is on the right.
5 Z is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
2 The objects K and D are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 T is directly above K.
4 Z is on the left and D is on the right.
5 C is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 H is over T.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	above	1
1 J is north west of Z.
2 R is to the upper left of J.
3 R and Y are in a vertical line with R on top.
4 J is to the right of E horizontally.
5 Z is on the lower left of L.
6 O is directly north west of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 Y is upper right to X.
2 Q is to the top-left of A.
3 H is above J and to the left of J.
4 X is to the top-right of I.
5 R is upper right to I.
6 R is to the top-right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper left of J.
2 J and V are side by side with V at the bottom and J on the top.
3 C is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 J is on the right side to X.
5 G is on the right and X is on the left.
6 The objects U and X are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	above	1
1 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
2 Z is sitting at the lower left position to N.
3 S and T are parallel, and S is to the right of T.
4 Q and Z are both there with the object Q is to the left of object Z.
5 N is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 C is lower right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object C.
2 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
3 W is on the left and M is on the right.
4 C is upper right to T.
5 D is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 T is over A.
2 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 Z is diagonally left and below D.
4 R is below A at 7 o'clock.
5 K is above T at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	above	1
1 J is to the top-right of A.
2 E and A are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
3 R and J are next to each other with J on the right and R on the left.
4 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
5 J and S are vertical and J is below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	above	1
1 M is to the top right of F.
2 E is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
3 E and O are side by side with O at the bottom and E on the top.
4 O is above and to the right of Y.
5 G is to the bottom-left of N.
6 The objects M and O are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object O.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	below	1
1 S is to the bottom right of B.
2 T is on the right side to B.
3 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
4 S is directly north west of Y.
5 J is directly north east of D.
6 P is to the right of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	right	1
1 C is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 C is placed at the upper right of J.
3 V is positioned right to E.
4 R is directly above I.
5 V is directly north west of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned below O and to the right.
2 J is to the upper left of K.
3 U is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
4 K and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and K on the left.
5 S and M are parallel, and S is over M.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 M is positioned below D and to the right.
2 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 L and Y are horizontal and L is to the right of Y.
4 K and A are parallel, and K is to the right of A.
5 Y is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 A is placed on the top of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 A is on the lower left of Y.
3 C is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
4 B is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 I is on the left side to M.
6 D is above and to the right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 A is diagonally right and below C.
3 C is above F at 2 o'clock.
4 B is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
5 C is positioned above J and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 K is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
2 E is above T at 10 o'clock.
3 T is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 The object R and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
5 F is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the top of B vertically.
2 H is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
3 C presents lower right to V.
4 M is sitting at the lower left position to D.
5 D is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	below	1
1 L and H are parallel, and L is to the right of H.
2 Q is on the right side and top of Z.
3 I is positioned down and to the left of Z.
4 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
5 I is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 H is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 W is below and to the right of C.
4 W is over there and G is on the top of it.
5 T is above and to the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	left	1
1 X is to the bottom left of T.
2 H is at the bottom of G.
3 X is sitting at the top position to B.
4 I is placed at the upper left of T.
5 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
6 G and T are in a vertical line with G on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 I is placed at the upper left of M.
2 W is to the top-left of I.
3 G and D are parallel, and G on the left of D.
4 X and A are in a vertical line with X on top.
5 X is at the bottom of U vertically.
6 A is on the upper right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 T is over there and A is on the top of it.
3 C is to the right of V.
4 F is diagonally to the upper right of A.
5 K is positioned right to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	above	1
1 Y is directly north west of K.
2 D is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
3 H is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 The objects U and D are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
5 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 O is at I’s 9 o'clock.
2 F is on the upper right of H.
3 F presents left to I.
4 A is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 F is lower right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Y and M are side by side with M at the bottom and Y on the top.
2 I is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
3 F is over X.
4 The object B and M are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
5 B is at F's 12 o'clock.
6 X is sitting at the lower position to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
2 M is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
4 D is on the left and U is on the right.
5 The objects E and U are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	above	1
1 P is lower right of F.
2 T and P are side by side with P at the bottom and T on the top.
3 W is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 N and P are vertical and N is above P.
5 The object N and A are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
6 A is above Y at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Y is directly south west of G.
2 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
3 X is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
4 Object E is below object S and to the right of it, too.
5 A is over there and S is directly below it.
6 Y is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	below	1
1 N is below O.
2 O is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
3 V is diagonally right and below U.
4 I is at the bottom and F is on the top.
5 I is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	below	1
1 I is on the left side and above C.
2 C is directly north east of Q.
3 L is south east of T.
4 X is positioned above I.
5 R presents upper right to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned above and to the left of J.
2 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
3 K presents left to G.
4 U is to the right of Z.
5 I is at J's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object S and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 F and A are horizontal and F is to the left of A.
3 R is placed on the top of S.
4 F is to the bottom-left of K.
5 R is above Z.
6 W is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	above	1
1 P and T are parallel, and T is below P.
2 Y is placed on the top of T.
3 P and N are parallel, and N is below P.
4 I and Z are next to each other with I on the top and Z at the bottom.
5 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 I is above and to the left of U.
2 W is directly north west of S.
3 The objects V and S are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
4 W is positioned above R and to the right.
5 E is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
6 U is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned right to W.
2 N is positioned up and to the right of W.
3 T is directly south west of N.
4 N is positioned up and to the right of L.
5 O is to the right of W horizontally.
6 K is sitting at the lower position to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the bottom-left of G.
2 X is at M’s 9 o'clock.
3 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
4 P is placed at the upper right of Z.
5 Z is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	above	1
1 U is on the left side of and below F.
2 F is to the top of M vertically.
3 Z is placed in the left direction of U.
4 K is on the right side and below N.
5 M is at the bottom of B vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object D is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 The object W is positioned directly below the object H.
3 B and H are next to each other with B on the left and H on the right.
4 H is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 K is sitting in the right direction of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 N is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
2 J and H are horizontal and J is to the left of H.
3 A is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 P is positioned above H.
5 Z is to the top right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
2 Z is to the bottom-left of G.
3 V is at H's 3 o'clock.
4 S is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
5 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	right	1
1 P is positioned right to H.
2 Q is diagonally below P to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 P is on the right side to F.
4 F presents right to X.
5 M is sitting in the right direction of X.
6 K is positioned left to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	right	1
1 T is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 T is sitting at the lower position to I.
3 Z is directly south east of B.
4 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
5 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 C is under Z.
2 Object O is above object C and to the left of it, too.
3 V is sitting at the top position to I.
4 If Z is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
5 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
6 G is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	left	1
1 I is over there and W is on the right of it.
2 E and K are next to each other with K on the right and E on the left.
3 K is above O with a small gap between them.
4 W is positioned above E.
5 A is north east of T.
6 I is to the bottom right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 B is over there and D is on the top of it.
2 D is below and to the right of H.
3 O is on the lower left of S.
4 N is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 D is above J at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned below T and to the right.
2 F is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
3 V and E are parallel, and V is to the right of E.
4 U is over there and C is on the left.
5 U is on the right side and top of E.
6 O presents upper left to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
3 P is to the upper left of I.
4 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
5 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the bottom-left of M.
2 Y is to the bottom left of S.
3 Y and T are next to each other with T on the right and Y on the left.
4 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
5 S is over there and X is directly above it.
6 S is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	above	1
1 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
2 C is on the lower right of P.
3 F is positioned below and to the right of D.
4 D and M are next to each other with M at the bottom D on the top.
5 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
6 I is sitting in the right direction of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	left	1
1 Y is positioned right to V.
2 S is above V.
3 W and L are parallel, and L is below W.
4 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
5 Y is below D at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 The object S and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 T and S are side by side with T to the right and S to the left.
3 M is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
4 I is on the top and F is at the bottom.
5 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
6 W and U are vertical and W is below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the bottom of S vertically.
2 N is lower right of E.
3 C is positioned below Y and to the left.
4 M is on the left side and above X.
5 C is placed in the right direction of X.
6 X is directly north west of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	right	1
1 V is above T with a small gap between them.
2 J is to the left of G.
3 D is above G and to the right of G.
4 O is over there and D is on the right.
5 A is below and to the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly below A.
2 D presents lower right to Z.
3 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
4 T is on the right side and top of E.
5 A is positioned below and to the right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the right side to O.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
3 A is directly above L.
4 S is on the lower left of U.
5 K and S are both there with the object S below the object K.
6 The object U is positioned directly below the object O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 U is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
2 Object E is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
3 S is lower right of O.
4 E is upper right to J.
5 P is diagonally to the upper left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	right	1
1 Z is on top of J.
2 Q is below I and to the left of I.
3 K is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 I is above and to the right of Y.
5 Q is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 W is on the left and Z is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 Z is over there and P is directly below it.
3 L is above and to the left of N.
4 P is to the upper left of Q.
5 Q and D are vertical and Q is above D.
6 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 X is directly north west of K.
2 J and V are parallel, and J on the right of V.
3 Y is above E with a small gap between them.
4 Object A is above object E and to the right of it, too.
5 J is over there and C is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 T presents left to F.
2 Object X is below object I and to the right of it, too.
3 I is sitting at the top position to V.
4 S presents below V.
5 N and V are vertical and N is above V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	below	1
1 Y is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 D is diagonally to the bottom right of Y.
3 W is to the top-left of D.
4 J is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 B is at D's 12 o'clock.
6 B is upper left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper right of R.
2 L is directly south east of O.
3 B presents upper right to L.
4 P and T are both there with the object T below the object P.
5 If P is the center of a clock face, B is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	above	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
2 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
3 S and N are side by side with N at the bottom and S on the top.
4 A and I are parallel, and A is on top of I.
5 P is south west of X.
6 N is directly south east of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 I is upper right to H.
2 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
3 F is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
4 N and A are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
5 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
6 F is positioned below Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Z is directly above I.
3 T is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 J is below and to the right of D.
5 J is sitting in the right direction of K.
6 The object D is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Z is north east of G.
2 G presents upper left to K.
3 M is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 R is to the right of Z.
5 Q and L are next to each other with L on the right and Q on the left.
6 Object K is above object U and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 R and G are both there with the object R is to the left of object G.
2 H is directly north west of Z.
3 G is over there and J is on the right of it.
4 A is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
5 A presents right to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 M presents upper right to L.
2 Z is positioned below and to the right of I.
3 L is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
4 X and A are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
5 V is diagonally right and below H.
6 A is diagonally right and below I.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 X and O are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 X is placed at the upper left of K.
3 K is positioned above P and to the left.
4 G and S are side by side with G to the left and S to the right.
5 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
6 U is directly above K.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Z presents upper right to L.
2 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
4 Q is below Z and to the right of Z.
5 R is directly above Z.
6 T is to the bottom-left of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	right	1
1 O and U are parallel, and O is to the left of U.
2 O is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
4 A is lower left to Z.
5 I is to the bottom left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 J is directly above G.
2 X and L are parallel, and X is over L.
3 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
4 K is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Y is below G and to the left of G.
6 A and J are parallel, and A is to the left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Y is north east of E.
2 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 E and U are parallel, and E is to the left of U.
4 T is positioned above Y.
5 U presents below G.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	above	1
1 P is to the bottom-right of R.
2 R is lower right of Q.
3 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
4 O is lower left to Q.
5 The object Q and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
6 C is directly north east of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom-right of I.
2 Object K is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
3 T is sitting in the left direction of Q.
4 D and G are next to each other with G on the right and D on the left.
5 Q and W are parallel, and Q is to the left of W.
6 T is on the right side and top of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	above	1
1 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 D presents lower left to P.
3 H is on the lower right of F.
4 P is above L.
5 F and W are parallel, and F is to the right of W.
6 F is above L with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	above	1
1 P and U are parallel, and P on the right of U.
2 K is sitting at the top position to C.
3 T is on the upper right of I.
4 P is positioned above G.
5 T is to the upper left of U.
6 G is to the right of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	below	1
1 P is at M's 6 o'clock.
2 H is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
3 H is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 S presents below O.
5 V is above and to the left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	above	1
1 H presents left to K.
2 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
3 O is on the right side to H.
4 V and J are next to each other with J at the bottom V on the top.
5 O is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
2 L is positioned in the top left corner of N.
3 L is on the left side to O.
4 F is above and to the left of Y.
5 If W is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y is below U and to the right of U.
2 Q and V are both there with the object Q above the object V.
3 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
4 U and Q are in a vertical line with U on top.
5 J is on the top and E is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T is above R at 10 o'clock.
2 X is below and to the left of H.
3 R is on the left side and above O.
4 J is diagonally to the upper right of T.
5 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
6 D and T are parallel, and D on the right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 M and U are in a vertical line with U below M.
2 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
3 M is on the lower left of K.
4 O is on the top and M is at the bottom.
5 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
6 O presents upper left to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
2 J is under V.
3 G is upper right to S.
4 T is above and to the left of G.
5 T is on the top side to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 F is on the top and S is at the bottom.
2 F is diagonally right and above H.
3 F and Z are both there with the object F is to the left of object Z.
4 X presents below Z.
5 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 I is north west of P.
2 X and N are in a vertical line with N below X.
3 U is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
4 I is over there and L is on the right of it.
5 U is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 M is directly south west of O.
2 B is upper left of P.
3 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
4 I is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 H presents upper right to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	left	1
1 H and X are side by side with H to the left and X to the right.
2 D and W are side by side with W at the bottom and D on the top.
3 P is diagonally left and above P.
4 W is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
5 R is positioned right to P.
6 O is on the top side to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	right	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
2 L is positioned above Z.
3 W is to the top of E vertically.
4 A and Y are both there with the object A above the object Y.
5 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper right of R.
2 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
3 P is to the bottom left of H.
4 H is over S.
5 W is at K's 6 o'clock.
6 S presents lower right to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	above	1
1 N is below T and to the left of T.
2 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
3 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
4 C presents lower left to X.
5 N is positioned below and to the right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 L and V are parallel, and L is to the left of V.
3 T is to the bottom right of U.
4 V is on the right side and top of D.
5 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 I is directly north west of C.
2 V is on the upper right of I.
3 X and J are side by side with J at the bottom and X on the top.
4 V and K are next to each other with K at the bottom V on the top.
5 V is positioned above H.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	above	1
1 T is to the bottom right of U.
2 L is to the top-left of W.
3 O is over there and E is directly above it.
4 The object T and O are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
5 X is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	above	1
1 L is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 L is to the upper left of X.
4 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
5 A is sitting at the lower right position to B.
6 L is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 R presents lower right to N.
2 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 M and G are horizontal and M is to the left of G.
4 K is to the top of R vertically.
5 K is positioned below and to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 V is placed in the left direction of W.
2 F is positioned down and to the left of L.
3 F is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
5 J is directly south east of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 D is diagonally left and above D.
2 H is there and Z is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
3 Z is on the right side to W.
4 G is diagonally left and above G.
5 L is positioned down and to the left of Z.
6 W is below G at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object I.
3 C is directly north west of K.
4 P is over there and B is on the right.
5 K is diagonally right and below W.
6 C is above and to the right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 W is over there and P is on the left.
2 X is above W with a small gap between them.
3 F is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
4 I is over there and P is directly below it.
5 J presents left to I.
6 M is positioned below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 D is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
2 A is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
3 D is on the upper right of O.
4 E is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 E is to the top-right of O.
6 F and T are parallel, and F is to the left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed on the top of T.
2 T is to the upper left of M.
3 P is above L and to the right of L.
4 O is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
5 G is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 M and E are both there with the object M is to the right of object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	above	1
1 F is to the left of T.
2 I is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
3 L is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
4 T is north west of I.
5 If I is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 R is diagonally left and below L.
2 O is above and to the right of Q.
3 F and A are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
4 The object E is positioned directly below the object R.
5 L is positioned below A.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the top right of M.
2 I is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 V is positioned below and to the right of U.
4 M and C are parallel, and M is over C.
5 M is sitting at the upper right position to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 H is over there and C is directly above it.
2 C and A are next to each other with C on the left and A on the right.
3 G is upper right to W.
4 B and A are parallel, and B is under A.
5 H is sitting at the upper left position to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
2 N is below Z and to the right of Z.
3 K and S are next to each other with K on the left and S on the right.
4 K is to the upper left of A.
5 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object U.
6 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	below	1
1 B is on the top side to O.
2 G is north west of P.
3 T is upper left of O.
4 J presents over U.
5 G and I are parallel, and G on the left of I.
6 P is above and to the right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 The object I and E are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 If J is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
3 J is to the right of Z horizontally.
4 H is over J.
5 W is to the right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the upper right of H.
2 X and C are parallel, and X is over C.
3 M is above S and to the left of S.
4 A and S are both there with the object A above the object S.
5 H is on the left side to R.
6 A is placed at the lower right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	above	1
1 D is over there and S is directly above it.
2 G is on the left side of and below M.
3 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
4 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
5 D is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
6 P and F are next to each other with F at the bottom P on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	below	1
1 Object P is below object D and to the left of it, too.
2 J is sitting at the lower right position to D.
3 J is over there and N is on the right of it.
4 D is positioned in the top left corner of O.
5 G is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
2 T is directly south west of B.
3 L is over there and T is on the right.
4 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
5 B is directly north west of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 B and M are parallel, and B on the left of M.
2 N is at B's 3 o'clock.
3 Y is on the left side to W.
4 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
5 J is positioned below I and to the right.
6 I is sitting at the lower right position to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned left to U.
2 X presents upper right to H.
3 T is positioned up and to the right of X.
4 S is above N and to the left of N.
5 The object W and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object W.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 L is over there and W is directly above it.
2 O and L are parallel, and O is to the right of L.
3 The objects R and W are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
4 Object R is above object F and to the left of it, too.
5 The object Z is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Q and K are parallel, and Q is over K.
2 The object E is positioned directly below the object X.
3 T is positioned above D.
4 V is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Q is at V's 6 o'clock.
6 If M is the center of a clock face, X is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned left to X.
2 H and C are parallel, and H is over C.
3 C is positioned above W.
4 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
5 X is placed on the top of Z.
6 I is directly above J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 N is below F at 7 o'clock.
2 F is below W and to the left of W.
3 F is positioned right to M.
4 B and V are parallel, and B is on top of V.
5 C is placed on the top of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	above	1
1 S is on the left side and above X.
2 B and I are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
3 A is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
4 T is placed on the top of S.
5 A is over there and N is directly below it.
6 H is upper left of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
2 J is to the left of H.
3 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
4 H is above and to the left of E.
5 J is positioned above and to the left of W.
6 H is to the bottom-right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 I and K are next to each other with I on the left and K on the right.
2 G is above I with a small gap between them.
3 I and W are in a vertical line with I on top.
4 Z is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
5 J is positioned left to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 H is on the right and W is on the left.
2 H is placed at the upper left of Y.
3 C is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
4 W is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 C is below I and to the right of I.
6 S is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 H is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 S and Z are parallel, and S is to the right of Z.
3 F is below B at 7 o'clock.
4 L is positioned above H.
5 H is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
6 M and H are both there with the object H below the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Y is sitting in the right direction of D.
2 V is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 H is positioned right to T.
4 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
5 Z is over there and W is on the left.
6 T and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
2 X is over there with F above.
3 M is to the left of X horizontally.
4 E is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
5 I is above and to the left of R.
6 Z is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
2 Q and H are parallel, and Q on the left of H.
3 H and B are side by side with H on the top and B at the bottom.
4 S is below W at 7 o'clock.
5 B is positioned below A and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	right	1
1 W presents lower left to X.
2 T is sitting at the lower right position to W.
3 U is at T's 3 o'clock.
4 B is positioned in the front right corner of T.
5 F is on the left and T is on the right.
6 L is below E and to the left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 T is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
2 X is on the top and G is at the bottom.
3 L is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
4 X is at the bottom of H.
5 D and X are parallel, and D is to the left of X.
6 X is at L’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is at S’s 9 o'clock.
2 T presents left to I.
3 J is on the lower left of Y.
4 I is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 R is on the right side and below T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	left	1
1 H and M are next to each other with H on the top and M at the bottom.
2 E is sitting in the left direction of C.
3 X is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
4 C is over there and H is directly above it.
5 S is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	above	1
1 D is below W and to the left of W.
2 A is to the upper left of Z.
3 D is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
4 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
5 F is below D and to the left of D.
6 K is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 E is placed at the bottom of O.
2 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 N is directly south east of D.
4 T and O are in a vertical line with T on top.
5 P is placed on the top of J.
6 N is under T.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	below	1
1 J and B are parallel, and J is under B.
2 J is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 A is to the bottom-right of Z.
4 K is lower right of U.
5 J and X are next to each other with X at the bottom J on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	below	1
1 L is at the bottom and C is on the top.
2 J is sitting at the top position to O.
3 Q is positioned above and to the left of A.
4 Q and E are horizontal and Q is to the left of E.
5 Q is to the top of V vertically.
6 C and V are next to each other with V at the bottom C on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 E is positioned up and to the right of Y.
3 C is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
4 L and N are vertical and L is below N.
5 Q is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 K is lower left to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	below	1
1 Y and R are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
2 V is on the upper right of K.
3 N is directly south east of Y.
4 L is above P.
5 N is diagonally right and above L.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Y is under Z.
2 Z is below F at 7 o'clock.
3 Y and N are both there with the object N below the object Y.
4 Z is to the top-left of V.
5 H presents right to O.
6 N is diagonally left and above N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
2 I is south west of E.
3 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
4 K is on the left and F is on the right.
5 If M is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the upper right of W.
2 P is over there and O is on the left of it.
3 W is positioned above A and to the left.
4 G is below and to the left of O.
5 V and T are parallel, and V on the right of T.
6 L and O are side by side with L on the top and O at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the top right of M.
2 E is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 T is positioned in the top left corner of D.
4 T is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the upper left position to J.
2 X is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 X is above and to the left of M.
4 K is below Q at 7 o'clock.
5 X and S are vertical and X is above S.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the bottom-right of C.
2 Z is sitting at the upper right position to R.
3 F and G are both there with the object F is to the left of object G.
4 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
5 A is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 H is on the same vertical plane directly below T.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 A is positioned down and to the left of O.
2 R is placed in the left direction of N.
3 B is to the top-right of F.
4 F is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 A is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Q is above S with a small gap between them.
2 B is on the right and J is on the left.
3 G is placed at the bottom of S.
4 C is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 C and N are horizontal and C is to the left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 P is sitting at the upper left position to T.
2 V is diagonally to the upper left of L.
3 T is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
4 O is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 N and G are both there with the object N is to the left of object G.
6 V is there and O is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 D is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 D presents upper left to Q.
4 F is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 S is positioned right to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 R presents over Q.
2 V is on the left side and above K.
3 V is to the top right of H.
4 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
5 H is to the bottom right of Z.
6 L is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
2 C is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
3 F is over there with V above.
4 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
5 B is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object T.
2 D is over there and Y is on the right.
3 R is positioned in the front right corner of G.
4 B is positioned in the lower right corner of X.
5 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 U and Z are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
2 K is diagonally to the upper left of R.
3 O is on the left side to X.
4 W is positioned down and to the left of X.
5 U is on the top of O and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	below	1
1 Q is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 E is to the bottom right of W.
3 T is above M at 10 o'clock.
4 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
5 A and Q are horizontal and A is to the right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	right	1
1 I is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
2 X is to the top-right of B.
3 O is to the bottom right of X.
4 O is positioned above E and to the right.
5 D is lower left to R.
6 X is over D.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 V is directly north west of B.
2 P is positioned in the front right corner of V.
3 E is on the right side and top of B.
4 R is at V's 12 o'clock.
5 O is to the left of L horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	below	1
1 F is to the left of A horizontally.
2 Z is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
3 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
4 N is positioned in the top left corner of Z.
5 U is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 Z is positioned in the front right corner of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 F is over M.
2 E and I are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
3 J is south east of S.
4 T and D are parallel, and T is on top of D.
5 J is placed in the right direction of I.
6 S is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	above	1
1 I is positioned above R and to the left.
2 G is below and to the left of V.
3 E is sitting in the left direction of V.
4 Y is sitting at the top position to X.
5 P is to the bottom right of E.
6 R is at E's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 B and A are parallel, and B is over A.
2 A and O are parallel, and A on the right of O.
3 The object D is positioned directly above the object U.
4 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
5 D is at the bottom of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	below	1
1 N is to the bottom right of I.
2 J is placed in the left direction of B.
3 C is positioned below and to the right of Q.
4 S is over there with R below.
5 R is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 Q and I are parallel, and Q is to the right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Z is positioned above F and to the right.
2 L is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
4 K is to the right of F horizontally.
5 S and K are vertical and S is below K.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 C presents below F.
2 C is to the top right of G.
3 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object O.
4 J is on the same vertical plane directly above L.
5 F and O are next to each other with F on the left and O on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Object H is above object I and to the left of it, too.
2 C presents lower left to S.
3 U is below X and to the right of X.
4 U and D are horizontal and U is to the right of D.
5 S presents upper right to R.
6 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	right	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 J is above O.
3 W is above R.
4 Z is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
5 J is positioned left to W.
6 M is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
3 P is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
4 Y is on the left side and above H.
5 Y is above E.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	below	1
1 F and N are both there with the object F is to the right of object N.
2 L and G are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
3 Q is positioned above L and to the right.
4 If G is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
5 U and L are side by side with L at the bottom and U on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	above	1
1 I is positioned above L and to the left.
2 Q is to the top-left of M.
3 L is under K.
4 W is sitting at the upper right position to J.
5 Z is above and to the left of L.
6 W is positioned in the lower left corner of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the upper right of K.
2 U is placed at the upper left of O.
3 F is under M.
4 K is below M with a small gap between them.
5 R is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 U is under T.
2 The object S and O are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 U is over there and V is on the left.
4 Object F is below object E and to the left of it, too.
5 U is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	below	1
1 M is placed at the upper right of J.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
3 J is below D and to the left of D.
4 N is above S at 10 o'clock.
5 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
6 L is on the lower left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 G is over there and S is on the left.
2 E is under X.
3 E is above B and to the right of B.
4 E and A are both there with the object E above the object A.
5 Object V is above object A and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper right of P.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
3 K and J are next to each other with K on the top and J at the bottom.
4 B is to the right of K horizontally.
5 B is positioned below and to the right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 T presents left to U.
2 J is diagonally right and below T.
3 E is above and to the left of U.
4 C is to the bottom-left of Y.
5 E is positioned below R and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 S is upper right to E.
2 B is positioned below S and to the right.
3 V is on the top side to I.
4 H is sitting at the lower left position to D.
5 I is above S with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	below	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
2 P presents left to N.
3 H presents left to F.
4 A is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
5 A and Q are in a vertical line with Q below A.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 T is positioned down and to the left of C.
2 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
3 C is placed on the top of S.
4 S is positioned below Q and to the right.
5 K is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 D is positioned in the top left corner of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	below	1
1 Z is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
2 I is diagonally left and above I.
3 C is below R with a small gap between them.
4 The object X and R are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
5 V is to the left of X.
6 C is positioned in the front right corner of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 C is positioned above E and to the right.
3 G and E are parallel, and E is below G.
4 E and D are vertical and E is below D.
5 C is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
6 The object L is positioned directly above the object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	left	1
1 S is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 O is on the right side and top of G.
3 M and B are next to each other with M on the top and B at the bottom.
4 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
5 B is over there and K is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of R.
2 J is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 L is over there and D is directly below it.
4 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
5 G is positioned up and to the right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	right	1
1 B and J are in a vertical line with J below B.
2 V is to the right of W.
3 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
4 D is on top of G.
5 A is below D and to the left of D.
6 A is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	above	1
1 H is above and to the left of S.
2 H and Y are in a vertical line with Y below H.
3 H is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
4 M is to the bottom right of H.
5 W is over there and S is directly below it.
6 D is to the top of X vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 I is directly north west of A.
3 L is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower righthand corner.
4 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
5 A is sitting at the lower position to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 G and J are in a vertical line with J below G.
2 Z is on the upper right of G.
3 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
4 U is on the lower right of D.
5 E is on the left and A is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 P is upper right to Q.
2 C and Q are vertical and C is below Q.
3 C is positioned above and to the left of V.
4 K is over there with Q below.
5 A presents upper right to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the top of Z vertically.
2 U is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
3 Z is over there and L is on the left.
4 G is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
5 If L is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	below	1
1 N is positioned in the front right corner of T.
2 U is diagonally to the upper right of T.
3 X is diagonally left and below N.
4 U is on the lower right of M.
5 J and D are both there with the object J is to the right of object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 A and S are parallel, and S is below A.
3 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
4 Q is south east of A.
5 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
6 If D is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
2 L is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
3 O is above S and to the right of S.
4 L is at the bottom of K and is on the same vertical plane.
5 Q is lower right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	below	1
1 X and P are horizontal and X is to the left of P.
2 A is lower left to P.
3 R is north east of S.
4 Q and E are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
5 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
6 L is over there and S is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	right	1
1 R is to the bottom-left of K.
2 C is positioned below and to the right of D.
3 The object R is positioned directly below the object I.
4 K and C are horizontal and K is to the left of C.
5 N is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 T is over there and B is directly above it.
2 K is at the bottom of N.
3 W is positioned up and to the right of Y.
4 P presents left to B.
5 B is at the bottom of Y vertically.
6 P is on the lower left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	below	1
1 R is on top of A.
2 B is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 X is above B at 2 o'clock.
4 S is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 The objects B and M are over there. The object B is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over there and W is directly below it.
2 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
3 Object Q is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
4 C is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 J is above D at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there and M is on the right.
2 S is to the top-right of M.
3 B is over there and S is on the right of it.
4 M is positioned in the front right corner of K.
5 Z and O are in a vertical line with Z on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	below	1
1 V is on top of E.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, E is located between 4 and 5.
3 V is placed at the upper right of N.
4 B is sitting at the upper right position to J.
5 G is at C's 3 o'clock.
6 The object T and N are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 E is directly south east of M.
2 T is over there and P is directly below it.
3 If D is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
4 Object U is below object P and to the right of it, too.
5 D is directly south east of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the left of U horizontally.
2 S is at X's 3 o'clock.
3 The object Q is positioned directly below the object Z.
4 C is to the top-left of I.
5 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 I is sitting at the upper right position to S.
2 R is to the left of S horizontally.
3 H is sitting at the lower right position to M.
4 R is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 O is positioned in the front right corner of C.
6 S is over there and J is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	left	1
1 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
2 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 V is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
4 N is sitting in the right direction of I.
5 N is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 N is over there and V is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	below	1
1 L is diagonally left and above L.
2 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
3 N is below L.
4 U is placed at the lower left of K.
5 U and C are vertical and U is above C.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	above	1
1 M and D are next to each other with D on the right and M on the left.
2 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
3 O is placed in the left direction of H.
4 M and P are in a vertical line with M on top.
5 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	right	1
1 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
2 A is positioned left to G.
3 A is on the left side of and below J.
4 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object C.
5 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
6 J is on top of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 C is above D at 2 o'clock.
2 V is on the lower left of R.
3 H is diagonally to the upper left of V.
4 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
5 Y and K are side by side with K at the bottom and Y on the top.
6 G is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	right	1
1 B is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
2 If J is the center of a clock face, O is located between 10 and 11.
3 L is to the top-right of M.
4 L is below and to the right of W.
5 L is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 G is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	left	1
1 A is north west of X.
2 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
3 S is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 S is south west of R.
5 R is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 R is placed at the upper right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	right	1
1 X is lower left to U.
2 P is over D.
3 A and G are horizontal and A is to the left of G.
4 U is on the right side and below A.
5 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object D.
6 Z is above N at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	right	1
1 P is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 K is sitting at the lower left position to W.
3 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
4 M and O are in a vertical line with M on top.
5 M is to the upper left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	below	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper left of W.
2 W is at the bottom of C vertically.
3 W is north west of E.
4 T and Z are in a vertical line with Z below T.
5 N is directly below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper left of W.
2 N is diagonally right and above Y.
3 N is on the top side to J.
4 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
5 N is sitting at the upper right position to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 D is north west of M.
2 C is on the top and I is at the bottom.
3 X presents upper right to B.
4 Object C is below object K and to the left of it, too.
5 X is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	below	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 H is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 D is upper left of C.
4 The object N and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object N.
5 P is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 V is over there with D below.
2 J is on the upper right of D.
3 The object D is positioned directly above the object Z.
4 V is positioned below P and to the left.
5 Y is diagonally to the upper left of U.
6 D is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	left	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below T.
2 I is positioned above T and to the right.
3 Z is directly above I.
4 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
5 C is to the bottom right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
2 Y is positioned in the front right corner of D.
3 T is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 S is on the left and D is on the right.
5 L is positioned left to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 V is upper right to A.
2 M and F are side by side with M to the right and F to the left.
3 I is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 F is positioned left to D.
5 The object I is positioned directly below the object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 C is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 D is at the bottom of H vertically.
3 Q and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
4 D is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 O is below and to the left of Z.
6 Z is over there and D is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is placed at the bottom of K.
2 F and Y are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
3 Z is over there and L is on the top of it.
4 P is below X at 7 o'clock.
5 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object D.
2 I is at D's 3 o'clock.
3 Z is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 K and D are parallel, and K is under D.
5 B is directly south west of J.
6 I presents lower right to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned above E and to the right.
2 E is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 A is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
4 K is on the top side to D.
5 D is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object N is positioned directly above the object D.
2 T presents left to O.
3 G is below E and to the left of E.
4 Y and O are side by side with Y to the right and O to the left.
5 N and X are parallel, and N is to the right of X.
6 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 U is to the bottom-right of Z.
2 O is on the lower left of J.
3 If E is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
4 N is over there with P below.
5 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Z.
6 G is above E and to the right of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned right to L.
2 R is positioned in the front right corner of T.
3 A is over there with N below.
4 R is over there with A above.
5 A is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the upper left of P.
2 O is to the top-right of B.
3 P and H are horizontal and P is to the right of H.
4 E is positioned down and to the left of H.
5 C is positioned above J and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 T presents lower right to I.
2 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
3 Y is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 I presents upper left to G.
5 W is to the bottom left of D.
6 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 E presents upper right to F.
2 P is lower right of F.
3 K is on the left side and above R.
4 P is positioned above G and to the right.
5 O is on the right side and top of F.
6 G is sitting in the right direction of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 I is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 M is positioned above and to the left of B.
3 R presents upper right to D.
4 D is sitting at the top position to I.
5 F is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 R is at X’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	left	1
1 I is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 K and J are horizontal and K is to the right of J.
3 If H is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
4 J is below I with a small gap between them.
5 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to K.
6 C is on the right side to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	left	1
1 E is on the lower right of Q.
2 P is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 P is on the top and J is at the bottom.
4 M is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
5 J is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 P is north east of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the top and W is at the bottom.
2 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
3 Object L is above object A and to the left of it, too.
4 X is above M at 2 o'clock.
5 M and Z are in a vertical line with Z below M.
6 The objects F and W are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	left	1
1 The object U and I are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 H and I are both there with the object H is to the left of object I.
3 I is above E at 2 o'clock.
4 L is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 B is above U and to the right of U.
6 J is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	left	1
1 X is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
2 F is on the left side to L.
3 D is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
4 P is above L at 10 o'clock.
5 P is placed at the upper left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and L is on the right.
2 Z is above and to the right of G.
3 G presents left to E.
4 G is on the left side and above V.
5 Y and A are parallel, and Y is to the left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom right of A.
2 N is below T at 4 o'clock.
3 A is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 R and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
5 D is to the top-right of A.
6 N is above D at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	above	1
1 A is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 Y is over there and Q is on the left.
3 V is over there and A is on the top of it.
4 Z is over there and C is on the left.
5 Q is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
6 U and H are next to each other with H on the right and U on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	above	1
1 E is to the bottom-left of I.
2 O and H are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
3 P is upper right to H.
4 P is sitting at the lower left position to I.
5 L is directly south east of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 P is over H.
2 C is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
3 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
4 R is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
5 P is placed at the upper right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 H is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
2 U and G are vertical and U is above G.
3 G is to the right of H horizontally.
4 R is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
5 X is there and U is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 Q and R are in a vertical line with Q on top.
2 Q is over there and Z is directly above it.
3 F presents right to Q.
4 Object U is below object P and to the right of it, too.
5 U is above Z at 10 o'clock.
6 O is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 F and N are parallel, and F is over N.
2 W is over there and X is on the left of it.
3 S is placed at the bottom of F.
4 F is sitting in the left direction of H.
5 S is upper right to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 W is lower left to X.
2 N and B are both there with the object N is to the right of object B.
3 B is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 N and Z are next to each other with N on the left and Z on the right.
5 Z is over there and O is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to A.
2 F is positioned in the front right corner of C.
3 R and O are vertical and R is above O.
4 If D is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
5 A is positioned in the lower right corner of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 X is to the right of Q horizontally.
2 J is at P's 12 o'clock.
3 The object Q and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
4 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
5 S is sitting at the lower right position to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	right	1
1 N is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face N.
2 E is placed at the lower left of M.
3 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
4 E is over there and C is on the top of it.
5 E is to the upper left of P.
6 C and U are parallel, and C is to the left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 C presents lower left to E.
2 R and G are next to each other with G on the right and R on the left.
3 T is on the right side to G.
4 U is on the right side to Z.
5 R is there and C is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	left	1
1 W and Z are both there with the object W above the object Z.
2 N is to the bottom right of X.
3 U is over there with B above.
4 B is placed at the lower left of X.
5 Q is lower right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 B is to the top right of U.
3 L is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
4 Q and P are both there with the object Q is to the right of object P.
5 E is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 M is sitting at the lower left position to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting in the right direction of R.
2 J is sitting in the right direction of U.
3 J and S are next to each other with J on the left and S on the right.
4 H is sitting at the upper left position to O.
5 J is placed at the upper right of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 M is below N at 4 o'clock.
2 N and Q are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
3 J and T are horizontal and J is to the left of T.
4 A and U are parallel, and A is on top of U.
5 U is directly below Q.
6 A and B are side by side with B at the bottom and A on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	below	1
1 Q is positioned down and to the left of L.
2 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
3 R is sitting in the left direction of N.
4 H is above and to the right of W.
5 G is below H with a small gap between them.
6 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	above	1
1 D is positioned above X.
2 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object W.
3 Y is above X with a small gap between them.
4 A presents lower left to M.
5 D is positioned left to V.
6 Y is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	below	1
1 T presents right to L.
2 V is diagonally to the upper right of W.
3 W is over there and S is directly below it.
4 B is placed in the right direction of W.
5 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
6 B is sitting at the lower left position to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	below	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
2 A is on the lower right of D.
3 K is at R’s 9 o'clock.
4 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
5 D and K are parallel, and D is under K.
6 The object A and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	below	1
1 K and J are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
2 Z is positioned in the front right corner of U.
3 Z and J are both there with the object Z is to the right of object J.
4 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object W.
5 C is north west of K.
6 G is directly south west of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 W is to the left of U horizontally.
2 C is diagonally to the upper right of E.
3 E is on the left side of and below W.
4 E is positioned down and to the left of O.
5 A and Y are parallel, and A is over Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the lower left position to T.
2 T presents over A.
3 I is below T and to the right of T.
4 W and L are in a vertical line with W on top.
5 B is to the left of A.
6 A and M are parallel, and M is below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
2 X is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
3 S is directly above B.
4 H is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
5 Object B is above object X and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 F is placed at the lower left of R.
2 K is diagonally to the upper left of N.
3 L is above and to the left of K.
4 N is placed on the top of V.
5 B is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	below	1
1 J is sitting at the upper left position to E.
2 P is to the bottom right of J.
3 Z presents upper right to H.
4 X is over there and J is directly above it.
5 X presents left to O.
6 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	above	1
1 O is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 Object C is above object X and to the left of it, too.
3 V is positioned up and to the right of G.
4 O is diagonally to the upper right of K.
5 K is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 Y is on the upper right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 W is positioned left to E.
3 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
4 D is sitting at the upper right position to W.
5 J is positioned below T and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	right	1
1 T presents over O.
2 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
3 P presents lower left to Z.
4 W is to the top-right of P.
5 B is at the bottom and W is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 F is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
2 L is directly above S.
3 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
4 V presents upper left to P.
5 U is placed in the left direction of F.
6 K is above F with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	left	1
1 S is at R's 6 o'clock.
2 R is on top of Q.
3 G and S are horizontal and G is to the right of S.
4 E and A are next to each other with A on the right and E on the left.
5 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
6 P and X are next to each other with X on the right and P on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object Y and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 Z is to the upper left of Y.
3 L is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
4 V is over Z.
5 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	left	1
1 Z and H are parallel, and Z is over H.
2 V is directly below S.
3 H is lower right of B.
4 W is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
5 H and T are next to each other with T at the bottom H on the top.
6 T is positioned up and to the right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
2 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
3 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
5 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
6 L is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Y is above and to the right of X.
2 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
3 Y is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 E is on the lower left of F.
5 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Q and E are parallel, and E is below Q.
2 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
3 Z is diagonally left and below Q.
4 W is positioned below P and to the left.
5 L is to the right of V horizontally.
6 Q is sitting in the right direction of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Object S is above object O and to the left of it, too.
3 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
4 G is above Q at 2 o'clock.
5 R is at the bottom and O is on the top.
6 R is at the bottom of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 B is on top of U.
2 U is to the left of J horizontally.
3 V is below and to the left of A.
4 Z is to the bottom-left of K.
5 B and A are next to each other with A on the right and B on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 K and O are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
2 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
3 E is placed in the right direction of V.
4 H is positioned up and to the right of O.
5 O is north east of V.
6 S is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the right side and top of B.
2 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 M is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
4 G and B are side by side with B at the bottom and G on the top.
5 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
2 T is positioned up and to the right of V.
3 W and A are parallel, and W is under A.
4 T and W are parallel, and T is on top of W.
5 The object C and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
6 J is above T at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	below	1
1 H is positioned right to W.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
3 S is sitting at the upper right position to M.
4 P is to the right of W.
5 If W is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object C is positioned directly below the object H.
2 S is to the upper left of R.
3 F is upper right to H.
4 B is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
5 B is north west of D.
6 W and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
2 U is to the top right of V.
3 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
4 P is on the left side of and below H.
5 V is to the bottom left of Q.
6 F is directly below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
2 Object W is above object F and to the left of it, too.
3 R is at W's 3 o'clock.
4 F is over I.
5 I is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	below	1
1 D is above J.
2 O and V are parallel, and O is to the right of V.
3 M is diagonally to the upper right of D.
4 J is directly south west of B.
5 D is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 G is positioned above C and to the right.
3 T is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 I is below A with a small gap between them.
5 F is above G with a small gap between them.
6 V and W are side by side with V to the left and W to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there with V above.
2 E is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 C is placed in the right direction of S.
4 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
5 Q is below C at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 W is at B’s 9 o'clock.
2 Q is to the bottom right of Z.
3 M is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
4 Y is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face Y.
5 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 D presents lower left to P.
2 O is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 M is on the right side and below C.
4 F is sitting at the upper left position to S.
5 C is to the top-right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned right to L.
2 D is directly above J.
3 V is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
4 Q is on the lower right of T.
5 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
6 Y is to the bottom-right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 D is on the right side and below Q.
2 F is over there and Q is on the left.
3 J is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 G is positioned above and to the left of A.
5 K presents left to D.
6 The object Q and U are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	right	1
1 J is below V with a small gap between them.
2 N is directly south west of G.
3 M is positioned below L and to the right.
4 G is placed at the bottom of V.
5 If J is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
6 O is on the right side to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	above	1
1 R and I are both there with the object R above the object I.
2 T is diagonally left and above T.
3 T is positioned left to S.
4 V is positioned down and to the left of B.
5 I is sitting at the upper right position to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	left	1
1 I is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
2 M is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
3 A is to the upper left of U.
4 W is positioned above U.
5 A is to the bottom-left of J.
6 V is on the upper right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Z is lower left to X.
2 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
3 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Z.
4 D is below Q at 7 o'clock.
5 W is positioned above J.
6 F is to the left of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	left	1
1 H is to the top-right of C.
2 D is at the bottom of C and is on the same vertical plane.
3 W is sitting in the right direction of L.
4 T is positioned above H.
5 H is over there and A is on the left.
6 E is sitting at the upper right position to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	right	1
1 Y is below and to the right of W.
2 P is on the right side to N.
3 S is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
5 M is over there and Y is on the right of it.
6 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 P is at the lower side of R.
2 B is positioned below C and to the left.
3 S is diagonally left and above S.
4 R and A are parallel, and R is on top of A.
5 P is to the upper left of W.
6 R is positioned in the front right corner of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 B and Q are vertical and B is below Q.
2 D is on the upper right of M.
3 R is above W and to the left of W.
4 M is positioned above W and to the left.
5 V is below S with a small gap between them.
6 M is over there and B is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	below	1
1 C is north east of H.
2 H is lower right of L.
3 The object V and H are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
4 Object W is above object C and to the left of it, too.
5 U is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 Q is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	below	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
2 O is over there and C is on the right.
3 D is over there and N is on the right.
4 Y is positioned above D.
5 F is above Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	right	1
1 N is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 S is over there and J is on the left.
3 S and Z are parallel, and S is on top of Z.
4 X is below J and to the right of J.
5 M is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	below	1
1 Z is to the top-left of B.
2 F is over there and A is on the left.
3 J is below and to the right of M.
4 F and C are parallel, and F is under C.
5 A is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object R is positioned directly above the object K.
2 Q is on the right side to P.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
4 If Q is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
5 N is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the lower left of N.
2 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
3 I is at the lower side of P.
4 S and C are parallel, and S on the right of C.
5 S and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	right	1
1 A is lower right of F.
2 M is to the left of I horizontally.
3 G and B are both there with the object G is to the left of object B.
4 U is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 The objects I and G are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 W and Y are parallel, and W is to the left of Y.
2 H is south west of A.
3 G is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 Y and G are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
5 The object M is positioned directly above the object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	left	1
1 O and K are parallel, and O on the left of K.
2 Q is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 M is directly south west of A.
4 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
5 A is diagonally right and above F.
6 F is over there and K is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 Z is at the lower side of M.
3 H is over there and Y is on the top of it.
4 L is to the top-right of H.
5 If V is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
6 F is below M at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	right	1
1 D is above J and to the left of J.
2 I is diagonally to the upper right of J.
3 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
4 B is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
5 U is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face U.
6 D is north east of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the right of S.
2 Object R is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 Q is sitting at the upper right position to E.
4 F is placed in the left direction of R.
5 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
6 N presents left to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	left	1
1 F is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
2 Object R is below object B and to the right of it, too.
3 G is positioned below and to the right of I.
4 F is below O and to the right of O.
5 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
6 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the upper right position to R.
2 O is to the upper left of W.
3 E is upper right to U.
4 O is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
2 R is at the bottom and E is on the top.
3 F is on the right side and below N.
4 M is placed in the left direction of F.
5 B and Y are both there with the object Y below the object B.
6 G is lower left to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting in the right direction of C.
2 U is on the left side to A.
3 G is below K and to the left of K.
4 Z is positioned above A and to the right.
5 U presents left to K.
6 N and A are horizontal and N is to the right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	right	1
1 Y is over E.
2 R is positioned right to J.
3 G presents below S.
4 R is above and to the right of Y.
5 R is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 N is over there and S is directly above it.
3 A is south east of J.
4 P is diagonally right and below S.
5 M is placed at the lower right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	above	1
1 The objects L and Y are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 K and L are parallel, and K on the right of L.
3 If J is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
4 L is sitting at the lower right position to X.
5 X is over there and N is directly above it.
6 P is below H.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
2 W and M are parallel, and W on the right of M.
3 F is placed at the bottom of S.
4 G is sitting at the upper left position to T.
5 G is diagonally to the upper left of M.
6 If Y is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	left	1
1 B is positioned below E and to the right.
2 H is above Z.
3 V and X are both there with the object V is to the left of object X.
4 U is to the left of P horizontally.
5 Z is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 The object Z and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 W is over there and R is on the left of it.
2 N is positioned below and to the right of Q.
3 P and N are both there with the object P is to the right of object N.
4 Q is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
5 I and A are parallel, and I on the right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	left	1
1 K is at the lower side of A.
2 Z is diagonally to the upper left of B.
3 O is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 H is placed at the upper left of M.
5 M is on the left side to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
2 T and R are parallel, and T is on top of R.
3 E is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
4 B is above Y.
5 B is diagonally to the upper right of D.
6 Q and Y are vertical and Q is above Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 Q is to the top right of V.
2 G is sitting at the lower position to S.
3 D is upper left of O.
4 Y and Q are parallel, and Y on the left of Q.
5 G is above Y at 2 o'clock.
6 Y is below M at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
2 C is on the lower left of D.
3 L is diagonally to the upper right of B.
4 R is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
5 X is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 U is sitting at the lower left position to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 M is sitting at the upper right position to V.
4 N is to the top-right of P.
5 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 Q is over there with W below.
2 G and N are side by side with N at the bottom and G on the top.
3 W is at the bottom of Y vertically.
4 W is above C and to the left of C.
5 Y is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 J and D are next to each other with J on the left and D on the right.
2 X is positioned in the front right corner of H.
3 S and D are in a vertical line with D below S.
4 R and K are parallel, and R is under K.
5 D is below I at 7 o'clock.
6 I is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 P and B are parallel, and P is to the left of B.
2 E is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
3 Z is lower right of U.
4 Z is on the top side to B.
5 R is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 M is positioned below and to the right of O.
3 I is to the left of M with a small gap between them.
4 W is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
5 T is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
2 B is positioned right to S.
3 W is over there with N above.
4 J is below and to the left of N.
5 I is at R’s 9 o'clock.
6 Y is below W and to the left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
2 L is over there with J below.
3 A is at the bottom of E.
4 X is directly above Z.
5 The objects A and B are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 E is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 C and I are in a vertical line with C on top.
3 C and M are parallel, and C is to the left of M.
4 T is to the bottom left of P.
5 The objects I and B are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 S is to the bottom-right of B.
3 V is positioned left to W.
4 W is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
5 W and O are horizontal and W is to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	below	1
1 T is over there and M is on the top of it.
2 X is placed at the lower right of P.
3 G and K are parallel, and G is to the left of K.
4 M and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
5 P and M are parallel, and P on the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	above	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of F.
2 G and T are in a vertical line with T below G.
3 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
4 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to E.
5 H is above T and to the left of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 P is below H.
2 F and W are parallel, and F is to the right of W.
3 W and P are side by side with W to the right and P to the left.
4 P is to the right of K horizontally.
5 Y is placed at the lower left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 I and S are side by side with S at the bottom and I on the top.
2 D is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 E is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
4 D is placed at the upper left of E.
5 P is south east of F.
6 E is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 U is directly south east of N.
3 B is above U with a small gap between them.
4 N is diagonally right and above K.
5 C is diagonally to the upper right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
2 D is on the right side and top of W.
3 A is under Y.
4 D presents upper left to J.
5 Y is placed at the bottom of D.
6 B is at U’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object U.
2 R is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 H is positioned left to P.
4 P is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
5 P is on the lower left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	above	1
1 T and M are both there with the object T is to the left of object M.
2 Z is above H and to the left of H.
3 M and B are parallel, and M is to the left of B.
4 V is directly north west of K.
5 B is upper left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally right and below J.
2 R is below J.
3 A is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
4 F is sitting in the right direction of R.
5 Z is on top of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 E and W are next to each other with W on the right and E on the left.
2 N is at O's 6 o'clock.
3 L is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 G and S are horizontal and G is to the left of S.
5 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the right of N horizontally.
2 M is above and to the left of N.
3 R is on the right side to S.
4 L is placed at the lower left of W.
5 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly below the object D.
2 F is positioned below E and to the right.
3 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
4 K is diagonally right and above A.
5 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 E is on the right side and below T.
2 B and M are horizontal and B is to the right of M.
3 M is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Y presents upper left to C.
5 M is directly below W.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	left	1
1 O is over there and Z is on the left of it.
2 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
3 F and A are horizontal and F is to the right of A.
4 H is at the bottom of K vertically.
5 F is directly south east of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 S is upper right to K.
2 F and K are parallel, and F is to the right of K.
3 N is to the bottom right of K.
4 G is diagonally right and below Y.
5 U is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 I is over there with N above.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 V is at A's 12 o'clock.
3 Z and X are both there with the object Z is to the left of object X.
4 H is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
5 X is to the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
2 Q is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
4 H is positioned up and to the right of L.
5 N is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 J is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	left	1
1 A is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 U is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
3 Z is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
4 C is on the left side to Z.
5 If G is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
6 The object Z and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 I and J are next to each other with I on the top and J at the bottom.
2 L is on the left side of and below D.
3 G is on the right side and top of T.
4 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
5 I is diagonally left and above I.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	below	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
2 I is placed at the lower left of Z.
3 Q is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 R and B are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
5 I is placed at the bottom of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned above U and to the right.
2 U is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 P is on the upper right of I.
4 A is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 R is south east of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the upper right position to A.
2 E is on top of U.
3 A is sitting at the top position to C.
4 V is diagonally to the upper left of E.
5 D is below R at 4 o'clock.
6 G is north east of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
2 V and K are both there with the object V is to the right of object K.
3 X is over there and Y is directly below it.
4 K is over there with Y below.
5 H is above and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the right side to K.
2 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 S and C are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
4 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
5 Q is to the top right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned below Y and to the left.
2 L is at G's 3 o'clock.
3 L is lower left to P.
4 R is over there with L above.
5 O is to the upper left of H.
6 Z is to the upper left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
2 P and F are both there with the object P is to the right of object F.
3 O is at H’s 9 o'clock.
4 O is diagonally right and above V.
5 The objects C and O are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	right	1
1 H is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Z is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 Z and C are parallel, and Z is to the left of C.
4 J is upper right to H.
5 Z is at the bottom of P vertically.
6 X is on the lower left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 P is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
3 O is placed at the upper right of C.
4 T is sitting at the upper right position to C.
5 D is diagonally to the upper left of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 R presents right to V.
2 V and B are in a vertical line with V on top.
3 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
4 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
5 U is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 S and B are both there with the object S is to the left of object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 W is placed in the right direction of P.
2 The object A is positioned directly below the object E.
3 C is above L at 2 o'clock.
4 P is diagonally to the upper left of C.
5 O and P are side by side with O on the top and P at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower righthand corner.
3 W and G are parallel, and W on the left of G.
4 J is positioned above and to the left of G.
5 W is below U at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
2 P is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
3 R is at the bottom of C.
4 R is on the right side to M.
5 S is directly above B.
6 F is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 R is lower right of N.
2 T is placed in the right direction of V.
3 K is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 R is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
5 N is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
6 Q is diagonally to the upper left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Q and A are parallel, and Q is under A.
2 Q is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face Q.
3 H is diagonally above G to the right at a 45 degree.
4 P is above and to the right of V.
5 H is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 L is placed at the upper right of N.
2 T is sitting at the upper left position to H.
3 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
4 K is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
5 B presents below H.
6 N is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	right	1
1 L is placed in the left direction of N.
2 G is directly above I.
3 X is diagonally right and below I.
4 The object D and N are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
5 D is above X and to the right of X.
6 W is north east of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	left	1
1 Y is on the left and V is on the right.
2 W is at the bottom of Y vertically.
3 V is on the right side and top of K.
4 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
5 Y and J are in a vertical line with Y on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	below	1
1 M is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
2 J is sitting at the lower position to U.
3 H and W are parallel, and H is to the left of W.
4 W is placed at the upper right of T.
5 P is upper right to T.
6 F is directly south east of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 G is above H with a small gap between them.
2 K is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 A is placed at the lower right of J.
4 The object J is positioned directly below the object K.
5 P is diagonally right and below V.
6 W and K are side by side with W on the top and K at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 O is positioned below K and to the right.
2 X is positioned above Q and to the left.
3 K is below R with a small gap between them.
4 R is positioned above U and to the left.
5 U is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	below	1
1 S is on the left side to U.
2 Q and K are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
3 J is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
4 K is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
5 S is over there and R is on the right of it.
6 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 B and P are side by side with P at the bottom and B on the top.
2 X is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object V.
4 Z and Q are side by side with Z to the left and Q to the right.
5 Q is at L's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the bottom left of Q.
2 C is to the top-right of R.
3 X is upper left of T.
4 R is at the lower side of U.
5 Q is positioned left to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 C is above M with a small gap between them.
2 Y and W are both there with the object Y is to the right of object W.
3 L is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 W is positioned in the lower left corner of C.
5 T is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
2 I and K are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
3 W is below L at 4 o'clock.
4 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
5 Q is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 A is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 S is directly north west of A.
2 The object D and V are there. The object V is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
3 X is positioned above and to the left of S.
4 I is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 A is on top of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 C is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
3 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
4 H is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 The object J is positioned above and to the left of object P.
6 P is on the right side and below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 X presents below G.
2 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
3 A is over S.
4 A is lower left to N.
5 N is positioned above R and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 T is diagonally to the upper right of S.
4 A is lower right of O.
5 M and T are side by side with M to the left and T to the right.
6 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	left	1
1 Y is placed at the upper left of L.
2 C and W are parallel, and C on the right of W.
3 E is at U's 12 o'clock.
4 O is over there and Y is directly below it.
5 E and Y are parallel, and E is under Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	above	1
1 Z is positioned above Y and to the right.
2 J is on the left side and above K.
3 E is upper right to J.
4 H is at the bottom of E.
5 A is sitting at the upper left position to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The objects Z and T are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 H is over there and E is on the right of it.
3 L is on the right side and below K.
4 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
5 E is diagonally left and below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 A is above O and to the left of O.
3 A is to the bottom-right of J.
4 If I is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
5 U is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 D is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 M is directly south west of V.
2 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
3 L and J are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
4 V is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 D is diagonally left and below Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object D is positioned directly below the object Z.
2 Z and I are both there with the object I below the object Z.
3 Z is to the top of Y vertically.
4 U is placed in the left direction of Z.
5 E is sitting in the right direction of D.
6 T is on the upper right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Y presents below J.
2 V and Q are parallel, and V is to the left of Q.
3 N is placed at the upper left of B.
4 N is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
5 P is above Q with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 P is upper right to X.
3 Y presents lower left to X.
4 S is to the right of G horizontally.
5 U is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 V is above M and to the left of M.
2 Z and G are horizontal and Z is to the right of G.
3 M and H are parallel, and M is under H.
4 M is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
6 P is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object O.
2 K is to the bottom-left of W.
3 W is below C at 4 o'clock.
4 V is placed at the upper right of W.
5 N is placed at the upper left of K.
6 J is on the right side and top of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 N is below B.
2 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
3 G presents lower left to O.
4 G and B are parallel, and G on the left of B.
5 K is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	right	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
2 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 W is on the top side to A.
4 F is above H and to the right of H.
5 Z and D are horizontal and Z is to the left of D.
6 V is on the lower right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	below	1
1 O and S are next to each other with S on the right and O on the left.
2 E is above S and to the left of S.
3 W is to the bottom-right of O.
4 U is on the left and P is on the right.
5 G is at the bottom of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
2 The objects Y and Q are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
3 G is to the upper left of C.
4 K and F are next to each other with K on the left and F on the right.
5 C is under X.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there and C is directly above it.
2 G is at B’s 9 o'clock.
3 B is positioned right to O.
4 J and I are parallel, and J is over I.
5 O is at the bottom and S is on the top.
6 The object O is positioned directly above the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	above	1
1 I is upper right to U.
2 P is on the left and C is on the right.
3 P is positioned left to V.
4 W is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 S and N are parallel, and S is to the right of N.
6 I and C are parallel, and I is over C.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the left side and above U.
2 O is on top of V.
3 B is above T and to the left of T.
4 B is sitting at the lower left position to O.
5 T is placed at the lower left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	left	1
1 K is to the upper left of W.
2 K is above L with a small gap between them.
3 The object J and E are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 K is above I and to the right of I.
5 P is to the bottom right of L.
6 B is above P.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 T is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
2 B presents lower left to D.
3 M is to the right of X.
4 B is at the bottom of K vertically.
5 A is directly above K.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 X and K are parallel, and X is to the right of K.
2 K is south west of B.
3 Y and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
4 B is directly south east of N.
5 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 A is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face A.
2 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
3 If I is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
4 A and L are horizontal and A is to the left of L.
5 N is sitting at the upper left position to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of A vertically.
2 I is positioned above U and to the left.
3 M is on the top and R is at the bottom.
4 K is over there and R is on the right.
5 R and A are side by side with R to the left and A to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 B is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
3 R is under Y.
4 If T is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
5 J is above H at 2 o'clock.
6 K and N are parallel, and K is on top of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
2 W is placed at the lower right of D.
3 C is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
5 T is to the bottom-right of Z.
6 C is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned up and to the right of D.
2 D is positioned up and to the right of W.
3 Z is above O at 2 o'clock.
4 X is directly below Q.
5 W is to the right of F.
6 D is above and to the right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object G.
2 V and P are both there with the object V is to the right of object P.
3 U is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
4 P presents right to H.
5 I and E are parallel, and I is to the left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 U presents upper left to Q.
2 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
3 U is on the right side and top of A.
4 If L is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
5 S is diagonally left and below Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	above	1
1 K is sitting at the upper left position to S.
2 J is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
3 J is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 J is to the top of Y vertically.
5 J is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 F is placed at the upper left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	right	1
1 L and I are both there with the object I below the object L.
2 G is placed in the left direction of Z.
3 Y is placed at the lower right of Z.
4 H is at N’s 9 o'clock.
5 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
6 N is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face N.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, L is located between 7 and 8.
2 U is to the right of O.
3 T is above S at 2 o'clock.
4 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
5 T is sitting at the lower left position to L.
6 L is sitting at the lower left position to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Object X is below object H and to the left of it, too.
2 X is over there and Y is on the top of it.
3 Y is to the top-left of Q.
4 F is over there and V is on the left.
5 O is lower left to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 U is directly south east of E.
2 M is above F with a small gap between them.
3 If U is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
4 D is positioned left to G.
5 U is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face U.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	left	1
1 B is positioned below P and to the left.
2 P is sitting in the right direction of U.
3 L is above R and to the left of R.
4 G is on the lower left of U.
5 P is above and to the right of Z.
6 Z and M are next to each other with Z on the left and M on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
2 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
3 Object S is below object O and to the left of it, too.
4 S is above U with a small gap between them.
5 Y presents over M.
6 A is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	below	1
1 A is positioned below M.
2 U presents lower right to I.
3 C is lower right of A.
4 E is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 If L is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
6 N and E are parallel, and E is below N.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	right	1
1 Object L is below object S and to the right of it, too.
2 X is placed at the upper left of D.
3 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object D.
4 A and P are next to each other with P on the right and A on the left.
5 F and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
6 A is to the bottom right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the right side and top of Q.
2 Q and L are vertical and Q is below L.
3 V is on the left side and above O.
4 N is sitting at the lower left position to R.
5 X is above and to the right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 Q is north east of D.
2 C is on the left and T is on the right.
3 S is to the upper left of W.
4 O is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face O.
5 Q is sitting at the upper left position to O.
6 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	right	1
1 W is over there and V is on the right.
2 V and R are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
3 Q is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
4 R is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
5 Q is to the right of E.
6 A and P are parallel, and A is to the left of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 L presents upper left to P.
2 P is there and C is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
4 N is above U at 10 o'clock.
5 L and Y are horizontal and L is to the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 G is at J’s 9 o'clock.
2 W is to the right of T.
3 G and M are both there with the object G is to the right of object M.
4 M is to the left of I.
5 Y is to the upper left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 U is south west of S.
2 F is positioned above D and to the right.
3 T and W are horizontal and T is to the left of W.
4 F and A are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
5 U and A are parallel, and U is under A.
6 F is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	below	1
1 T is on the lower left of R.
2 Y is positioned in the top left corner of X.
3 K is diagonally right and above J.
4 R is below and to the left of X.
5 X is placed at the lower right of S.
6 A is sitting at the lower left position to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 I and R are parallel, and I is to the left of R.
2 R is over U.
3 B is to the left of C.
4 The objects S and D are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
5 If I is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
6 U and X are parallel, and U is to the right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
2 U is directly north east of Y.
3 L is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
4 If S is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
5 V and Y are parallel, and V is to the right of Y.
6 H is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the bottom right of L.
2 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
3 C is above M at 10 o'clock.
4 E and H are next to each other with E on the left and H on the right.
5 C is south east of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object V and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 P is on the top side to T.
3 K is positioned below G.
4 K is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
5 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
6 S is below G at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 Z is sitting in the left direction of X.
2 Object V is below object C and to the left of it, too.
3 H is over N.
4 X is above V with a small gap between them.
5 P is at Z's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 L is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
3 V is on the upper right of N.
4 B is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face B.
5 C is on the right and Z is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 The objects O and H are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 L is on the left side and above Z.
4 W is positioned above and to the left of J.
5 Z is directly south west of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 O is above I and to the right of I.
2 R and C are side by side with R to the left and C to the right.
3 A is on top of D.
4 R is diagonally to the bottom right of A.
5 A is positioned above I and to the right.
6 L is placed at the upper right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 B is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 B is positioned in the front right corner of R.
3 K is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 K is lower right of N.
5 T is to the bottom-right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Y is lower right of Q.
2 M is directly below A.
3 A is over there and Q is directly below it.
4 O is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 F is sitting at the lower right position to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of M.
2 V is upper left of Y.
3 Y is placed at the lower right of N.
4 Y presents below M.
5 If T is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
6 L presents over V.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	below	1
1 H is below L.
2 Q is diagonally right and above I.
3 S and O are parallel, and S is over O.
4 E is diagonally left and above E.
5 O is to the top of I vertically.
6 E is diagonally to the upper left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 F is diagonally right and above E.
3 V and D are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
4 E is to the top of V vertically.
5 V is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 Q and U are parallel, and Q is under U.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to R.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
3 L is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
4 F is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 L is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object F and K are there. The object F is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 T is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
3 C is on the right side to J.
4 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
5 Object L is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
6 C presents over T.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 J is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
2 I is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 M is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
4 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
5 I is below H and to the left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
2 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
3 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
4 B and A are parallel, and B on the right of A.
5 If Z is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	right	1
1 K is above and to the right of X.
2 J is at the bottom of C and is on the same vertical plane.
3 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
4 X is over there and J is on the right.
5 Z is sitting at the upper left position to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	below	1
1 R and G are in a vertical line with R on top.
2 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
3 H is on the right side to R.
4 R is over there and F is on the right of it.
5 D is to the bottom-left of B.
6 H and W are both there with the object H is to the right of object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	right	1
1 P is positioned below J.
2 L is above V with a small gap between them.
3 S presents right to V.
4 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
5 C is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 C is on the lower right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 N is above and to the right of F.
2 The objects J and F are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 Z is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 N is over there and R is directly above it.
5 J and I are vertical and J is below I.
6 If R is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 U is above O.
2 Y is over there and C is on the right of it.
3 Q is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
4 F and V are next to each other with F on the left and V on the right.
5 Q is to the bottom-left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	left	1
1 P is diagonally right and above A.
2 P and K are horizontal and P is to the right of K.
3 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
4 A is below I with a small gap between them.
5 N is below and to the right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	right	1
1 T is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 X is to the bottom-right of Y.
4 V is diagonally to the upper left of A.
5 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
6 M is directly south west of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	above	1
1 A and V are next to each other with V on the right and A on the left.
2 P is at the bottom of E.
3 I presents lower right to W.
4 A is to the upper left of O.
5 X is on the top and A is at the bottom.
6 W is on the right and X is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	below	1
1 S is over L.
2 Object A is above object N and to the left of it, too.
3 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
4 T is sitting at the upper left position to P.
5 S is at K's 12 o'clock.
6 J is positioned right to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 F and P are side by side with F to the right and P to the left.
2 Q is positioned above F and to the right.
3 W is to the bottom-left of Q.
4 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
5 V is above U with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 K is under U.
2 The object U and A are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 K is on the lower left of N.
4 P is upper left of N.
5 The objects Y and X are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
6 The object M is positioned directly above the object K.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 B and J are both there with the object B is to the left of object J.
2 W is on the lower right of R.
3 N is to the bottom left of B.
4 J is below D at 7 o'clock.
5 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
6 B is upper left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 P is placed at the bottom of R.
2 R is directly north west of E.
3 N is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
4 L is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
5 R is positioned in the top left corner of N.
6 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 W and J are parallel, and W on the left of J.
2 W is placed at the upper right of B.
3 V is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
4 W is to the bottom left of C.
5 Object N is below object C and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 V is below Q with a small gap between them.
2 Y is positioned above and to the left of R.
3 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
4 Q presents upper right to D.
5 F is diagonally right and above V.
6 X is diagonally to the upper right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 F is over there and Q is directly below it.
2 Object G is below object M and to the right of it, too.
3 S presents upper left to N.
4 The object U is positioned directly above the object F.
5 Q is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
6 Q is placed at the upper right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	above	1
1 N and L are both there with the object L below the object N.
2 Z is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 W and T are vertical and W is above T.
4 S is positioned right to Z.
5 N is sitting at the top position to B.
6 M is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the top-right of Q.
2 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
3 N is at the bottom of S vertically.
4 P is below X.
5 W and R are vertical and W is below R.
6 V and Q are parallel, and Q is below V.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the top-right of A.
2 C is below P and to the right of P.
3 G is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
4 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
5 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	below	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
2 The object O is positioned directly above the object V.
3 J is over there and T is on the top of it.
4 Z is at D’s 9 o'clock.
5 R is positioned up and to the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 G and Q are parallel, and G on the left of Q.
2 Object S is below object G and to the right of it, too.
3 D is to the top-left of S.
4 J is sitting at the top position to D.
5 R is sitting at the lower right position to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 I is placed at the lower left of N.
2 Y is over there and U is on the top of it.
3 J is at K’s 9 o'clock.
4 O is to the bottom-right of N.
5 I presents below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	below	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
2 A and S are in a vertical line with A on top.
3 A and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and A on the top.
4 S is directly north east of M.
5 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 W is upper right to D.
2 G is directly south west of O.
3 D is below M at 7 o'clock.
4 L is diagonally right and below V.
5 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
2 G is to the left of K horizontally.
3 L is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Q is sitting at the lower left position to K.
5 E is diagonally to the upper left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 S and Y are parallel, and S is over Y.
2 R is positioned right to D.
3 C is over there and R is on the left of it.
4 G and Q are next to each other with G on the top and Q at the bottom.
5 If D is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
6 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 C and Z are horizontal and C is to the left of Z.
2 I is south west of N.
3 A is above Z and to the right of Z.
4 N is placed at the lower right of C.
5 X is on top of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
2 L and X are in a vertical line with X below L.
3 Z is lower left to Y.
4 S is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 K is below and to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 Z and T are vertical and Z is above T.
2 U is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 T is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
4 C is under T.
5 V is on the upper right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	above	1
1 O is positioned below L and to the right.
2 H presents right to E.
3 K is placed in the left direction of Q.
4 H is below K at 4 o'clock.
5 T and K are in a vertical line with T on top.
6 W and H are side by side with W to the left and H to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The object B and Z are there. The object Z is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 P is over there and M is directly above it.
3 I is over there and G is directly below it.
4 W and M are horizontal and W is to the right of M.
5 K is diagonally to the upper left of G.
6 G is placed on the top of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	below	1
1 L is diagonally below K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 H is below Q.
3 If X is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
4 N and Y are vertical and N is above Y.
5 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	below	1
1 G is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
3 Z and N are vertical and Z is below N.
4 V is north east of X.
5 X is upper right to U.
6 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the right side to V.
2 D is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
3 S and A are side by side with A at the bottom and S on the top.
4 G and S are parallel, and G on the right of S.
5 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
6 A and Y are in a vertical line with Y below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 S is above L at 2 o'clock.
2 W is positioned down and to the left of O.
3 O and M are parallel, and O on the right of M.
4 J is placed in the right direction of M.
5 W and R are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 V is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
3 Object U is below object A and to the right of it, too.
4 A is placed at the upper right of G.
5 U and R are horizontal and U is to the right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 S is over there and G is at the bottom of it.
2 Y is directly above M.
3 S is over there and I is on the left of it.
4 K is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
5 M is at I's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	above	1
1 H is placed at the upper right of Q.
2 H presents over J.
3 P is positioned above Q and to the left.
4 J is positioned in the top left corner of F.
5 V is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	left	1
1 P presents upper left to C.
2 K is sitting at the lower right position to S.
3 P is upper right to G.
4 L is to the upper left of X.
5 C is over there and L is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	above	1
1 B and I are horizontal and B is to the right of I.
2 G is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 W is sitting at the top position to B.
4 S is over V.
5 H is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	left	1
1 V presents upper left to Y.
2 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
3 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
4 N is to the upper left of Y.
5 E is at V's 12 o'clock.
6 N is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 W and Y are parallel, and W is under Y.
2 V is positioned in the front right corner of F.
3 Q and B are both there with the object Q is to the left of object B.
4 K is directly north east of F.
5 W is positioned above K.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 S is to the left of F horizontally.
2 Y is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Y is diagonally to the upper left of T.
4 F is sitting at the top position to Y.
5 A is on the right and K is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	left	1
1 Y and K are horizontal and Y is to the right of K.
2 N is diagonally left and below M.
3 G is to the bottom-right of R.
4 K is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 O and I are next to each other with I at the bottom O on the top.
6 M is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting in the right direction of T.
2 R is below and to the right of T.
3 Object Y is above object G and to the left of it, too.
4 E is positioned left to L.
5 Y is above and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	below	1
1 A and K are side by side with K at the bottom and A on the top.
2 K is north west of D.
3 A is on the left side and above Q.
4 W is above A with a small gap between them.
5 J is over there and H is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 T is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
2 P is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
3 A is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 D is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 J is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 H and P are parallel, and H on the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L and V are parallel, and L is to the left of V.
2 L is under X.
3 D is to the bottom right of X.
4 H is placed in the left direction of D.
5 T is directly north east of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
2 U is to the top of V vertically.
3 O is on the right and F is on the left.
4 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
5 Q is at I's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	below	1
1 T is over there and H is directly below it.
2 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
3 G is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 Z and L are parallel, and Z is on top of L.
5 R is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
6 G is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	left	1
1 W is at L’s 9 o'clock.
2 P is sitting at the lower position to B.
3 A and L are next to each other with A on the left and L on the right.
4 A is lower left to K.
5 Z is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 A is upper right to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 K and L are next to each other with K on the top and L at the bottom.
2 O is directly south east of J.
3 X is to the left of O horizontally.
4 Z and V are horizontal and Z is to the right of V.
5 L is below O with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 U is over there and J is on the right of it.
2 E is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 W is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
4 X is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 F is on the top and W is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	left	1
1 O is over there and E is on the left.
2 O is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
3 Q is diagonally to the upper left of D.
4 Y is below T with a small gap between them.
5 L is above D at 10 o'clock.
6 E is on the left and L is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
2 M is to the bottom right of R.
3 D and T are side by side with D to the right and T to the left.
4 R is sitting at the lower right position to C.
5 P is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 N is sitting at the top position to Q.
2 H and M are next to each other with H on the left and M on the right.
3 N is on the upper right of M.
4 Q is positioned below R and to the right.
5 A is at W’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	below	1
1 W is over there and B is on the left.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 Z is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
4 T is on the right side and top of X.
5 Z is on the right side and top of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 J is at W's 3 o'clock.
2 G is positioned below R and to the left.
3 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object J.
4 G is positioned in the front right corner of J.
5 D is diagonally to the upper right of R.
6 C is on the right side and top of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
2 Y is positioned right to I.
3 F is placed on the top of Y.
4 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
5 U is over there and X is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned below I.
2 B is directly south west of R.
3 I is diagonally to the upper right of K.
4 H is over there and L is on the left of it.
5 Q is sitting at the lower position to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the top position to P.
2 U is directly above H.
3 P is at Y's 12 o'clock.
4 O is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	below	1
1 The objects O and T are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
3 U and C are side by side with U to the right and C to the left.
4 K and H are next to each other with H at the bottom K on the top.
5 N is over there and T is at the bottom of it.
6 K is over N.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	below	1
1 W is to the upper left of Z.
2 W is south west of T.
3 The object M and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
4 S is positioned above W and to the left.
5 S is below K and to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
2 N is sitting at the lower position to L.
3 B is lower left to L.
4 F is over there and L is on the top of it.
5 D and B are parallel, and D on the left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	left	1
1 T is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
2 R is sitting at the upper right position to B.
3 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
4 K is to the bottom right of H.
5 H and T are next to each other with T at the bottom H on the top.
6 D is positioned up and to the right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 O and E are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
3 F is at W's 6 o'clock.
4 I is on the right side and below H.
5 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
6 W is to the bottom-right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 T is upper left of R.
2 N is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 K is positioned above R.
4 I is on the left side and above K.
5 S and P are side by side with S to the left and P to the right.
6 T is south west of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	below	1
1 E is diagonally left and below L.
2 Y is positioned above L and to the right.
3 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
4 G is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 X is below Q and to the right of Q.
6 If O is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The object S is positioned directly below the object P.
2 R is upper right to W.
3 P is above and to the right of K.
4 K is on the lower left of V.
5 M is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	above	1
1 Q and T are both there with the object T below the object Q.
2 H presents below Z.
3 T is positioned above G and to the right.
4 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
5 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 T and X are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 N is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
3 V is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
4 X presents right to G.
5 M is to the right of P horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the lower left of D.
2 M is placed at the lower left of V.
3 M is at B's 3 o'clock.
4 F and M are parallel, and F is over M.
5 N is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the top position to U.
2 If R is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
3 If L is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
4 X is at I's 6 o'clock.
5 R is positioned above X and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	below	1
1 J is on the left side to M.
2 M presents upper right to S.
3 M is on top of E.
4 S presents upper left to B.
5 H is at the bottom of E vertically.
6 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	below	1
1 K is below O and to the left of O.
2 G is diagonally right and below K.
3 T is positioned right to K.
4 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
5 Y is at the bottom of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 W is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 W is sitting in the left direction of M.
3 F is sitting at the lower position to M.
4 X is placed at the lower left of A.
5 O is on the left side of and below M.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
2 C is sitting at the upper left position to B.
3 C is diagonally to the upper right of U.
4 F is above D with a small gap between them.
5 C presents upper left to P.
6 J is placed on the top of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	below	1
1 V is at the bottom of R vertically.
2 M is over there and R is on the left.
3 M is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 W is over there and F is on the left.
5 C is to the top of X vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
3 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
4 O is to the top right of T.
5 T is diagonally right and above I.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 V is on top of K.
2 Y is over there and S is on the top of it.
3 B is to the top of K vertically.
4 K is above D.
5 E is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
2 P is diagonally right and below N.
3 H is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
4 Object M is below object P and to the left of it, too.
5 P is positioned below U and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	above	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of I.
2 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 S is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 F and P are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
5 C and O are parallel, and O is below C.
6 E is positioned left to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the top right of B.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
3 U is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
4 The object R and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
5 B is directly north west of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	left	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
2 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
3 V and B are parallel, and V on the left of B.
4 M is placed at the upper right of W.
5 B is positioned above M and to the right.
6 A is diagonally left and above A.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	right	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of T.
2 D is on the lower left of P.
3 Y is positioned in the top left corner of T.
4 S is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 T is above O.
6 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	above	1
1 P is on the left side and above Z.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
3 P is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 R is positioned above S.
5 If F is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 Object E is below object U and to the left of it, too.
3 U is above Q and to the left of Q.
4 Object Z is below object F and to the right of it, too.
5 V and M are vertical and V is below M.
6 O is placed at the lower left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned above N and to the left.
2 N is diagonally to the upper left of L.
3 S is over there and A is on the top of it.
4 A is above E.
5 X is to the top of U vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P and L are in a vertical line with P on top.
2 P is diagonally to the upper right of V.
3 Z is at L's 3 o'clock.
4 V presents left to K.
5 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	above	1
1 Q and J are side by side with Q on the top and J at the bottom.
2 M is lower left to A.
3 E is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
4 M is positioned above and to the left of P.
5 A is diagonally left and below Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	left	1
1 M presents upper right to V.
2 Object A is above object P and to the left of it, too.
3 D presents upper left to K.
4 V and D are next to each other with V on the top and D at the bottom.
5 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
6 D is over there with A below.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 R is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
2 V is north west of D.
3 N is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
4 Y is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
5 S is upper left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 C is to the right of V horizontally.
2 M and E are in a vertical line with M on top.
3 G is upper right to L.
4 V is sitting at the upper left position to G.
5 V and F are parallel, and V is under F.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 G is at D’s 9 o'clock.
3 L is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
4 G is directly north east of R.
5 D is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	left	1
1 O is positioned in the front right corner of F.
2 K is directly below O.
3 Z is over there and R is on the right.
4 E and J are next to each other with J at the bottom E on the top.
5 O is under R.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Object G is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
2 D is positioned right to Q.
3 If U is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
4 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
5 K is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
6 U is over there and B is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	above	1
1 S is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 S is below G with a small gap between them.
3 Q is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 F is at S's 6 o'clock.
5 K is above V.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z and I are parallel, and Z on the right of I.
2 Q and T are parallel, and Q is under T.
3 D and A are parallel, and D on the left of A.
4 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
5 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	right	1
1 H and M are parallel, and H is on top of M.
2 M and C are in a vertical line with M on top.
3 Z is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 M is below E.
5 B is diagonally right and above G.
6 J is above and to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The object X and K are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
3 V is placed at the lower right of Q.
4 N is at the lower side of H.
5 M is to the bottom-left of V.
6 M is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the top position to S.
2 Z and H are vertical and Z is above H.
3 E and Z are next to each other with E on the left and Z on the right.
4 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled C.
5 L is positioned left to X.
6 B is at H’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	above	1
1 L is positioned down and to the left of W.
2 U is positioned in the top left corner of S.
3 T is to the upper left of S.
4 If J is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
5 A is above and to the left of L.
6 W and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 W presents below S.
2 M is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
3 F is sitting in the left direction of S.
4 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
5 K is diagonally left and above K.
6 Q is positioned down and to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 Object Z is above object R and to the left of it, too.
3 A is above G and to the left of G.
4 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
5 U is diagonally below P to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 L and A are parallel, and L is to the right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	above	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of H.
2 J is north east of H.
3 Y is over there and K is on the left of it.
4 P is sitting at the upper left position to S.
5 J is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
2 G is sitting at the upper right position to I.
3 P and O are both there with the object P is to the right of object O.
4 G is diagonally right and above W.
5 D is directly below G.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	left	1
1 U is below K at 7 o'clock.
2 T and C are parallel, and T is under C.
3 V is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 W is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
5 U is on the left and D is on the right.
6 W is placed at the lower right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	above	1
1 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
2 I is to the top of X vertically.
3 J is below O at 4 o'clock.
4 V is on the right side to N.
5 O and N are parallel, and O is under N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
2 P is at T's 12 o'clock.
3 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
4 Z is on the right side to L.
5 S and L are in a vertical line with L below S.
6 The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 E is at the bottom and K is on the top.
2 Y is to the top right of J.
3 L is to the top of E vertically.
4 C is over there and D is on the right of it.
5 J is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the top-right of U.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 N is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object Z.
5 R and B are parallel, and R is to the right of B.
6 X is placed at the upper right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is positioned above and to the left of object N.
2 E is on the right side to N.
3 The object E is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
4 V is diagonally left and above V.
5 P is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
6 Q is directly above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	left	1
1 H and W are both there with the object H is to the left of object W.
2 Z is positioned right to W.
3 The object S and K are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
4 E is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 T is over there and H is on the top of it.
6 Z is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	left	1
1 A is to the left of K horizontally.
2 R is at A's 3 o'clock.
3 V is sitting in the right direction of N.
4 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
5 J is over R.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
2 L is below U and to the left of U.
3 C is on the left side and above T.
4 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
5 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
6 O is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	left	1
1 Y is to the left of A.
2 N is positioned right to X.
3 R is on the top and G is at the bottom.
4 A is positioned up and to the right of R.
5 G and J are in a vertical line with J below G.
6 E is positioned below J and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	above	1
1 P is on the left side of and below X.
2 P is below D at 7 o'clock.
3 D is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
4 X is directly south west of G.
5 E is below W at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The objects Y and W are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
3 O is above R and to the right of R.
4 R is positioned down and to the left of N.
5 G and O are parallel, and G is under O.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 B is placed at the upper right of H.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
3 A and H are horizontal and A is to the right of H.
4 D and Q are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
5 Z is south east of S.
6 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 E is directly north west of J.
3 B is positioned up and to the right of Z.
4 E is to the upper left of H.
5 Z is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
6 R is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 M and G are parallel, and M is on top of G.
3 M is at O’s 9 o'clock.
4 Object T is below object L and to the left of it, too.
5 R is on the right side and top of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
2 V is upper right to C.
3 Z is above and to the right of W.
4 V is to the top-right of T.
5 V and D are parallel, and V is over D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	right	1
1 M is to the left of E horizontally.
2 V is directly above X.
3 J is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
4 K is diagonally left and above K.
5 P is over there and V is directly above it.
6 V is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object U is positioned directly above the object T.
2 P is placed in the left direction of L.
3 K is to the upper left of T.
4 T and R are parallel, and T is to the right of R.
5 K is on the left side and above S.
6 A is above and to the left of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the right of P.
2 E is to the bottom-left of K.
3 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
4 L is below W at 7 o'clock.
5 E is sitting in the left direction of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 Z is to the right of X horizontally.
2 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
3 F is over there with L below.
4 J and F are both there with the object J is to the left of object F.
5 A and H are both there with the object H below the object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	above	1
1 T and C are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
2 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
4 J and X are vertical and J is below X.
5 E is sitting at the lower position to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower righthand corner.
2 X is to the bottom-right of V.
3 E is on the upper right of X.
4 K is upper left of X.
5 W is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
6 H presents below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed at the lower left of T.
2 F is over there and J is directly below it.
3 V is lower left to F.
4 X is sitting at the top position to W.
5 F is below W at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	below	1
1 T is over there and J is on the right of it.
2 Q is on the left side and above T.
3 A and B are next to each other with A on the left and B on the right.
4 Z is above S at 2 o'clock.
5 J and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
6 T is over there and B is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	right	1
1 S presents over D.
2 G is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
3 W is below D and to the left of D.
4 M is diagonally left and below D.
5 K is on the top side to S.
6 X is to the upper left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object D is positioned directly above the object I.
2 C and K are both there with the object C is to the right of object K.
3 J is sitting at the lower left position to I.
4 The object I and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
5 If C is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
6 P and G are horizontal and P is to the right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 K is directly above L.
2 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
3 F is diagonally to the upper left of L.
4 U and P are next to each other with U on the top and P at the bottom.
5 F is positioned above and to the left of J.
6 The object J is positioned directly below the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 R presents over G.
2 G is positioned in the top left corner of U.
3 H is positioned up and to the right of O.
4 Object R is below object M and to the right of it, too.
5 Object G is below object L and to the right of it, too.
6 N is placed in the left direction of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 P is below K with a small gap between them.
2 S is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 A and L are horizontal and A is to the right of L.
4 G is directly south east of A.
5 A is over there with K below.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	right	1
1 P is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
2 G is over there and Z is directly below it.
3 Y is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 M is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
5 Y is at P's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 U is below and to the right of K.
2 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
3 A is sitting at the upper left position to E.
4 L is to the left of A horizontally.
5 R is to the right of A horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	left	1
1 Z is above X at 2 o'clock.
2 F is positioned in the lower left corner of J.
3 Q is to the left of Z horizontally.
4 J is placed in the right direction of Q.
5 N is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 W is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 H is over there with T below.
3 S is to the upper left of C.
4 Z and S are both there with the object Z is to the left of object S.
5 S presents lower left to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 O is below and to the left of U.
2 U is diagonally above K to the right at a 45 degree.
3 K is above G at 2 o'clock.
4 Q is to the top-left of P.
5 L is at G's 12 o'clock.
6 Y is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	right	1
1 H is over there and P is on the right of it.
2 Q and D are next to each other with Q on the top and D at the bottom.
3 D is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 K is sitting at the upper right position to V.
5 Q is lower left to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned above U and to the right.
2 A is placed in the right direction of F.
3 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
4 U is on the left side and above P.
5 P is south east of A.
6 R is positioned below and to the right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 K is on the right side and below P.
3 H is sitting at the upper left position to E.
4 K is to the left of C.
5 T and P are side by side with P at the bottom and T on the top.
6 K presents below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S is north west of P.
2 L is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 S is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to L.
5 R is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Y is lower right of A.
2 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
3 X is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
4 F and M are parallel, and M is below F.
5 Q presents lower left to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	below	1
1 Z and F are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
2 K is to the left of S horizontally.
3 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
4 The object F is positioned directly below the object K.
5 Q is on the lower left of K.
6 N is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
2 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
3 K is to the top-right of P.
4 Q and L are vertical and Q is below L.
5 J is below H and to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	below	1
1 J is on the top of O and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Z and G are next to each other with G on the right and Z on the left.
3 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
4 F is south east of O.
5 Z is directly north east of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 D and V are next to each other with V on the right and D on the left.
2 U is placed at the bottom of S.
3 W and B are next to each other with W on the left and B on the right.
4 U is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 B and M are horizontal and B is to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
3 E is placed in the right direction of L.
4 T and G are parallel, and T on the left of G.
5 L is positioned below S and to the right.
6 L and F are parallel, and L is over F.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	above	1
1 M is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 M is on the lower left of O.
3 L is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
4 J is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 Y is on the top side to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	below	1
1 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
2 K is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
3 T is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 T presents lower left to K.
5 C is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face C.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E is above A and to the left of A.
2 X presents over E.
3 I is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
4 F and H are parallel, and F is to the left of H.
5 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
6 P is to the bottom-right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	below	1
1 E is placed at the lower left of L.
2 E is to the right of U horizontally.
3 K is to the top of Z vertically.
4 T presents over L.
5 M and G are horizontal and M is to the right of G.
6 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	left	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
2 U is positioned above and to the left of K.
3 S is below and to the left of X.
4 O is on the left and C is on the right.
5 L is on the left side and above H.
6 C and S are both there with the object S below the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	right	1
1 The objects Z and L are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 The object D is positioned directly below the object C.
3 C and V are side by side with C on the top and V at the bottom.
4 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
5 F is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Q is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 K is positioned in the lower right corner of D.
3 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
4 O is sitting at the lower left position to L.
5 Z is positioned right to Q.
6 O is on the top and C is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Object F is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 F presents upper left to N.
3 N and O are both there with the object N is to the left of object O.
4 L is positioned above S.
5 X is positioned above H and to the right.
6 L is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 H is on the left side to E.
2 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
3 L is to the right of S.
4 F presents left to L.
5 L is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
2 S is below B at 4 o'clock.
3 N is above H.
4 M is below S with a small gap between them.
5 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly above K.
2 M is directly south west of T.
3 P is on the lower right of M.
4 Y is to the bottom left of L.
5 D is diagonally to the upper left of K.
6 P is placed at the bottom of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	below	1
1 M is south west of N.
2 The objects S and M are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 T is over there and J is on the left of it.
4 Z is sitting at the upper right position to P.
5 F is over there and J is on the left of it.
6 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	left	1
1 K is above N.
2 D is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
3 N is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
4 N is above and to the right of I.
5 H and O are in a vertical line with H on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly below the object A.
2 K is above G and to the right of G.
3 If V is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
4 G is to the left of M with a small gap between them.
5 I is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
6 M is positioned right to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	below	1
1 D is sitting at the lower left position to U.
2 The object U is positioned directly above the object V.
3 F is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 V is sitting at the lower right position to K.
5 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 M and Y are parallel, and M on the left of Y.
2 Y is upper left of U.
3 A presents below G.
4 U is positioned above G.
5 V is on the left side to M.
6 O and B are next to each other with B on the right and O on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower position to A.
2 A is at C's 12 o'clock.
3 G is positioned up and to the right of T.
4 A is north east of T.
5 P is on the upper right of L.
6 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 A and U are parallel, and A is under U.
2 Q is sitting at the upper left position to U.
3 S and K are parallel, and S on the right of K.
4 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
5 X and G are horizontal and X is to the right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S and M are parallel, and S is over M.
2 L is placed at the lower left of A.
3 G is at J’s 9 o'clock.
4 G is positioned in the top left corner of L.
5 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 W is at the bottom of F.
3 F is placed at the lower right of G.
4 W and Q are next to each other with W on the top and Q at the bottom.
5 J is to the left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The objects V and Z are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 B is above S with a small gap between them.
3 B is placed at the upper right of R.
4 R is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
6 O is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 S is on the right side and top of Q.
3 X is at S's 12 o'clock.
4 W is over there and O is directly above it.
5 W is sitting at the upper left position to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	below	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper left of X.
2 Y and S are in a vertical line with S below Y.
3 B is positioned below and to the right of R.
4 Y is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
5 H is sitting at the lower right position to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 X is placed on the top of F.
2 X is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 H is to the left of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Y is on the lower right of F.
5 The objects G and Y are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
6 T is above P at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Q and B are next to each other with B at the bottom Q on the top.
2 Q is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
3 N is placed at the upper right of J.
4 U is positioned left to Q.
5 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Y is below U at 4 o'clock.
2 P is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 C is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
4 L is over there and Z is on the left.
5 D and Z are in a vertical line with Z below D.
6 L is north east of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	above	1
1 Y is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 T is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 N is to the top of L vertically.
4 Z is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
5 T is positioned left to Y.
6 J is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 M is above and to the left of N.
2 M is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 M is below C and to the left of C.
4 H is to the bottom-right of D.
5 A is north west of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Object Z is above object F and to the left of it, too.
2 J is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Q is to the upper left of Z.
4 R presents upper right to N.
5 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Q.
6 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Q presents lower right to P.
2 Q is on the top side to Y.
3 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
4 I is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 The objects Y and W are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 P presents upper right to E.
3 E is directly north east of Y.
4 Z is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 J presents upper left to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 C is below S and to the left of S.
2 U is directly north east of H.
3 X is at U's 3 o'clock.
4 B is positioned below H and to the right.
5 B is on the left and I is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
2 E is on top of L.
3 L is at W’s 9 o'clock.
4 L presents lower left to C.
5 Y and C are parallel, and Y is on top of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 G and A are side by side with A at the bottom and G on the top.
2 S presents upper right to C.
3 Z is positioned below T.
4 G is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
6 Z is over G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	below	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 M is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
3 The objects X and Q are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
4 V is sitting at the upper right position to M.
5 X and M are parallel, and X on the left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 X and B are horizontal and X is to the left of B.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
3 B is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
4 X and O are next to each other with O on the right and X on the left.
5 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	left	1
1 U presents lower right to Z.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 S and N are both there with the object S is to the left of object N.
4 H is over there and P is on the right.
5 H and Z are parallel, and H on the right of Z.
6 H is positioned below G and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the right and F is on the left.
2 C is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 N is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
4 Q is upper right to I.
5 E is to the top-left of X.
6 F is positioned right to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	right	1
1 H is at I's 12 o'clock.
2 H is below M.
3 M is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
4 A is to the left of I horizontally.
5 E is placed at the upper left of H.
6 The objects J and B are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 A is directly below T.
2 Q is to the right of N horizontally.
3 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
4 E is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 I is over there and N is directly below it.
6 T is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
2 K is placed in the left direction of X.
3 N is to the top-left of S.
4 G is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 R is to the bottom-right of K.
6 K is on the upper right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 N is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 E is on the right side to F.
3 K is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 K presents left to N.
5 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 A is placed in the right direction of C.
2 D is placed in the left direction of A.
3 T is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 W and T are side by side with W on the top and T at the bottom.
5 Object I is below object K and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
3 N is to the bottom-left of S.
4 Q and S are parallel, and Q is on top of S.
5 P is to the bottom right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 P and T are vertical and P is above T.
2 P and G are side by side with P on the top and G at the bottom.
3 W is diagonally to the upper left of N.
4 U and T are both there with the object T below the object U.
5 U is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the bottom-right of A.
2 C is on the same vertical plane directly above R.
3 S is to the left of A horizontally.
4 Z presents upper left to S.
5 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
6 S is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	left	1
1 X and P are horizontal and X is to the right of P.
2 The objects V and X are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
3 L presents left to W.
4 U presents below E.
5 E presents left to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 G is south east of R.
2 B and W are parallel, and W is below B.
3 E is on the right and C is on the left.
4 B and O are parallel, and B is on top of O.
5 G is below and to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 U is sitting at the lower right position to T.
2 E is positioned down and to the left of U.
3 Y is placed at the upper right of U.
4 L is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Q is on top of Y.
6 C is south east of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 B is positioned up and to the right of H.
3 K is sitting at the upper right position to G.
4 H is below G at 4 o'clock.
5 B is placed at the lower right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 L is north east of K.
2 I is to the left of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 X is over there and P is on the top of it.
4 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
5 P presents right to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	right	1
1 R and E are both there with the object R is to the right of object E.
2 G is sitting in the left direction of P.
3 U and R are next to each other with U on the top and R at the bottom.
4 T is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 T and U are parallel, and T is to the right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 G is at I’s 9 o'clock.
3 I and V are parallel, and I is under V.
4 I is positioned down and to the left of K.
5 O is south west of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 V and R are in a vertical line with V on top.
2 P and Q are horizontal and P is to the right of Q.
3 Z is placed at the lower left of N.
4 Q is diagonally to the upper left of I.
5 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	right	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
2 K is diagonally left and above K.
3 D is positioned in the top left corner of L.
4 If G is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
5 A is directly south west of L.
6 T is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	right	1
1 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
2 H is positioned in the top left corner of K.
3 S is above X and to the left of X.
4 S is directly below E.
5 L is on the top and S is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	left	1
1 P is at the bottom of J vertically.
2 Object Q is below object V and to the right of it, too.
3 O is to the upper left of C.
4 The object V and T are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
5 C is above V at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	left	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower position to R.
2 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
3 L is at R's 3 o'clock.
4 A is above O.
5 V is positioned up and to the right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper right of N.
2 U is above W.
3 The objects V and A are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
4 C is on the left side to L.
5 L and V are parallel, and V is below L.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	above	1
1 A and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
2 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
3 R is over there and T is directly below it.
4 Z presents right to A.
5 The object T is positioned directly above the object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	left	1
1 X is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
2 H and Z are next to each other with H on the left and Z on the right.
3 Z is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 K is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 Z is below and to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N and W are both there with the object W below the object N.
2 R is on the top side to N.
3 V is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
4 If H is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
5 Z is above C and to the left of C.
6 W is below I and to the left of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	above	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper right of O.
2 P and T are parallel, and P on the right of T.
3 Y and O are side by side with Y on the top and O at the bottom.
4 O is directly south east of E.
5 I is on the top and J is at the bottom.
6 P is to the top of Z vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I and U are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
2 P is north east of Z.
3 E is directly south east of Z.
4 E and X are side by side with E on the top and X at the bottom.
5 G and Z are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	left	1
1 The objects K and O are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 T is diagonally left and above T.
3 B is on the upper right of Q.
4 V is north west of B.
5 K is to the left of V horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 A is on the left side of and below U.
2 A is directly north west of P.
3 C and P are both there with the object P below the object C.
4 A is on the left side of and below L.
5 S is to the upper left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	left	1
1 S presents below T.
2 O and K are next to each other with K at the bottom O on the top.
3 M is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 F is on the left and U is on the right.
5 O is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
6 V is sitting in the right direction of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 S is below X at 7 o'clock.
2 U is sitting in the right direction of O.
3 R and Y are in a vertical line with Y below R.
4 G is at the bottom of X.
5 Y is sitting at the upper left position to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper right of K.
2 M and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
3 If K is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
4 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
5 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
6 M is to the bottom right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 E is at the bottom of S.
3 H is over there and I is on the right of it.
4 H is on the top and D is at the bottom.
5 W is to the left of N horizontally.
6 D is above Z and to the left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
2 M is placed at the upper right of L.
3 V is positioned above I.
4 Z is on the right side and top of R.
5 P and V are next to each other with V on the right and P on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 M is to the right of C horizontally.
2 N is placed at the lower left of U.
3 X and D are parallel, and X is to the left of D.
4 N is sitting in the left direction of I.
5 D is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 B is north east of L.
2 M is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 M and C are horizontal and M is to the right of C.
4 B is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 G is diagonally left and above G.
6 B is positioned right to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned below N.
2 H is to the right of I horizontally.
3 I is directly south west of M.
4 A is below F at 7 o'clock.
5 M is positioned above O.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	below	1
1 A is above X.
2 M is on the lower right of T.
3 T is below and to the right of F.
4 O is north west of K.
5 A is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 I is on the left side of and below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
2 G is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
3 B is sitting at the lower right position to J.
4 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
5 C is on the left side and above D.
6 G is above K at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 O is to the top-right of N.
2 O presents right to L.
3 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
4 R presents below N.
5 E and D are parallel, and E on the left of D.
6 The object O is positioned directly below the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 Z is over there and L is on the right of it.
3 F is on the right side and top of Z.
4 D is placed in the left direction of Z.
5 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
6 U is below and to the right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	left	1
1 U is to the right of E.
2 K is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 Object D is below object U and to the left of it, too.
4 R is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
5 E is sitting in the left direction of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 H and W are next to each other with H on the left and W on the right.
2 O is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
3 O and Q are in a vertical line with Q below O.
4 W is above D with a small gap between them.
5 N is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the bottom-left of K.
2 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
3 Y presents over P.
4 V is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
5 The objects F and J are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
6 P is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
3 X presents over D.
4 C is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
5 S is sitting at the top position to U.
6 D is on the top side to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	below	1
1 G is positioned above N.
2 U and G are vertical and U is above G.
3 Y is diagonally right and below H.
4 X and G are in a vertical line with G below X.
5 Q and U are side by side with Q to the left and U to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	below	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
2 T is placed in the right direction of U.
3 O is on top of U.
4 P is positioned below U.
5 L is north west of M.
6 P is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	below	1
1 Object Q is above object E and to the left of it, too.
2 F presents lower left to X.
3 X is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
4 B is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 C is directly above H.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper right of U.
2 A is over there with Q above.
3 I is to the right of G.
4 I and O are parallel, and O is below I.
5 R and I are side by side with I at the bottom and R on the top.
6 N is to the right of R horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	left	1
1 Y is positioned right to C.
2 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object J.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
4 J is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
5 V is to the top of Z vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	right	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 L is under U.
3 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
4 C is positioned above H.
5 R is north east of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there with X below.
2 T is on the lower left of B.
3 X is below H.
4 X is over there and B is at the bottom of it.
5 T is on the left side of and below Z.
6 A is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the right side and below H.
2 G and A are side by side with A at the bottom and G on the top.
3 K is to the top of N vertically.
4 G is on the right side and top of W.
5 B is placed at the upper right of P.
6 K and H are parallel, and K on the left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there and J is directly above it.
2 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
3 F is at the bottom of J.
4 Q and B are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
5 J is diagonally above Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	right	1
1 T is above C at 10 o'clock.
2 G presents right to N.
3 T is to the bottom right of X.
4 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
5 X is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there and Z is on the left.
2 N is on top of O.
3 Object Q is below object W and to the right of it, too.
4 E is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
5 L is directly north west of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 M is to the top of Y vertically.
2 T is below L with a small gap between them.
3 O and L are vertical and O is above L.
4 O presents left to R.
5 R presents left to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	right	1
1 D is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 F is over N.
3 D is positioned up and to the right of C.
4 W is directly north east of T.
5 W is over I.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Q and H are parallel, and Q is to the right of H.
2 X and R are both there with the object X is to the right of object R.
3 The object Z and X are there. The object Z is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
4 Q is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 J and T are parallel, and J is on top of T.
6 B is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 V and D are parallel, and V is over D.
2 A is placed in the left direction of R.
3 R presents upper right to V.
4 A is directly below H.
5 F and Q are parallel, and F is over Q.
6 V is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	above	1
1 W is on the lower right of V.
2 I is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 B is below W and to the right of W.
4 V and C are parallel, and C is below V.
5 V is diagonally to the upper right of D.
6 L and B are parallel, and B is below L.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 P is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 H is upper left of O.
3 M and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
4 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
5 H is lower left to X.
6 B is over there with V below.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
2 B is on top of F.
3 The objects M and G are over there. The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
4 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
5 D and I are horizontal and D is to the right of I.
6 I is to the bottom-right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	above	1
1 G is over there and J is on the left.
2 G and X are both there with the object G is to the left of object X.
3 J is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
4 U and S are side by side with U on the top and S at the bottom.
5 O is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 S is at J's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	right	1
1 X is on the left side of and below A.
2 T is sitting in the right direction of F.
3 A is over there and V is on the left.
4 Z is north east of D.
5 X is positioned in the front right corner of T.
6 X is sitting at the upper right position to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	left	1
1 Z and U are both there with the object U below the object Z.
2 K is directly south east of R.
3 The object L is positioned directly above the object K.
4 J is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
5 R is below Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	below	1
1 N and M are next to each other with M on the right and N on the left.
2 The object M and D are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 W and Y are vertical and W is below Y.
4 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
5 D is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 C is below D and to the right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	right	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
2 L is north east of T.
3 F is over there and M is on the right of it.
4 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
5 M and Z are parallel, and M is to the right of Z.
6 P is on the right side and below F.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 J is at X's 6 o'clock.
2 J is at B's 3 o'clock.
3 J and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
4 X and K are parallel, and X is to the right of K.
5 H is above G with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	below	1
1 F is to the top-right of J.
2 C is above J with a small gap between them.
3 C is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
4 I is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
5 C is above and to the right of P.
6 G is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	left	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 H is sitting in the left direction of D.
3 F is to the upper left of B.
4 B is positioned in the front right corner of X.
5 The object N and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object N.
6 X is diagonally above G to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	below	1
1 H is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
2 I is to the left of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
4 D is on the lower left of G.
5 J and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 A is diagonally right and above L.
2 H is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
3 A is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 P is over there and Q is on the right.
5 Q and Z are both there with the object Q is to the right of object Z.
6 A is to the top-right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	left	1
1 T and M are side by side with T on the top and M at the bottom.
2 N is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
3 G is at the lower side of P.
4 N is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 L is upper left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 U is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 E is over there and W is on the left of it.
4 J is at the bottom of E.
5 If C is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	below	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 F is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
3 J is placed at the upper right of C.
4 S is on the left side to E.
5 U is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the upper left of U.
2 L is there and O is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 L presents lower left to Z.
4 R is placed at the upper left of O.
5 V is diagonally to the upper left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 P is over there and I is on the top of it.
3 K is below U at 7 o'clock.
4 The object I is positioned above and to the left of object U.
5 M is placed at the upper right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	below	1
1 A is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
2 U is to the top of B vertically.
3 G and Y are horizontal and G is to the right of Y.
4 A and F are parallel, and F is below A.
5 U is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned in the top left corner of R.
2 I is over there with L above.
3 D is on the left side to K.
4 L and M are side by side with M at the bottom and L on the top.
5 P is placed at the lower right of M.
6 C is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 K is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
2 P is positioned below and to the right of C.
3 O and I are horizontal and O is to the left of I.
4 T presents left to P.
5 T is positioned above and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 G is over there with A below.
2 T is above K at 10 o'clock.
3 P is over I.
4 P is below and to the right of A.
5 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
2 H is over there and Q is on the left.
3 If C is the center of a clock face, K is located between 2 and 3.
4 K is on the left side and above J.
5 Z is positioned up and to the right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
2 V is above R and to the right of R.
3 V is diagonally left and above V.
4 The object B is positioned directly below the object U.
5 P is directly north east of V.
6 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the lower position to Q.
2 S is over there with H above.
3 K and R are both there with the object K is to the right of object R.
4 E presents over R.
5 S is positioned below E and to the right.
6 K is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 M and O are horizontal and M is to the left of O.
2 B is over there with Q below.
3 I is positioned below O.
4 M and S are both there with the object M is to the left of object S.
5 I is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
6 G is over J.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of W.
2 W is placed at the upper left of P.
3 A is south west of Y.
4 O and Z are next to each other with O on the top and Z at the bottom.
5 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
6 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 C is above V and to the left of V.
2 W and C are side by side with W to the right and C to the left.
3 D is upper right to H.
4 Z is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 Y is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 C is below Y at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	above	1
1 U is on the right side to Z.
2 Z is to the top-right of E.
3 M is over there and E is on the left.
4 I is to the right of A horizontally.
5 O is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 A is to the bottom left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Y is below and to the left of X.
2 If Y is the center of a clock face, N is located between 7 and 8.
3 C is placed at the upper right of L.
4 B is above and to the left of V.
5 O is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
6 O is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 The object E and W are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 X is below D.
3 W is on the left side of and below O.
4 O is on the lower left of R.
5 O is diagonally to the upper left of A.
6 L is at W’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	right	1
1 G presents below R.
2 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
3 Z is to the top-right of C.
4 W is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 G is placed on the top of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	right	1
1 O is at I's 12 o'clock.
2 F is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
3 If F is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
4 K is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
5 E is over there and J is on the right.
6 K and O are vertical and K is below O.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 W is to the upper left of M.
3 D and P are parallel, and P is below D.
4 O is below and to the right of L.
5 P is at L’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	left	1
1 K is sitting at the top position to P.
2 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
3 W is over there and G is on the left.
4 J is to the right of W horizontally.
5 K is on the top side to Z.
6 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	right	1
1 B is below G and to the left of G.
2 G is over there and V is on the left.
3 R is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 T is south west of U.
5 D is on the right and R is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	above	1
1 R and V are side by side with R to the left and V to the right.
2 L is placed on the top of O.
3 E is on the right and H is on the left.
4 If H is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
5 G is positioned below H and to the left.
6 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 M is over V.
3 P is on the right and I is on the left.
4 D is to the top-left of V.
5 I is positioned up and to the right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 E is over there and V is directly above it.
2 I is placed at the lower left of V.
3 W and Z are parallel, and W on the left of Z.
4 Y and X are both there with the object Y is to the left of object X.
5 L and E are in a vertical line with E below L.
6 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the left and B is on the right.
2 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 B is directly south east of P.
4 R is sitting in the left direction of U.
5 Z is below and to the right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	above	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 N presents lower left to Y.
3 H presents left to A.
4 M is placed in the left direction of Y.
5 I and Y are in a vertical line with Y below I.
6 Y and P are both there with the object P below the object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 F is at I’s 9 o'clock.
2 U is north west of M.
3 F and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
4 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
5 T is directly south west of I.
6 X is above W at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	left	1
1 A is to the upper left of C.
2 M is under A.
3 L is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
4 H is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 F presents upper left to C.
6 O is at the bottom of A vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 The objects F and Y are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 M is on the right side and top of Q.
4 Y is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 T and I are in a vertical line with I below T.
2 N is at T's 3 o'clock.
3 E is positioned in the top left corner of N.
4 The object O and N are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
5 H is at I's 6 o'clock.
6 U presents upper right to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
2 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 I is to the left of J horizontally.
4 N is directly below U.
5 D is placed at the upper left of A.
6 D is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the left side to J.
2 The objects F and O are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 D is to the top right of H.
4 R is positioned above K and to the left.
5 K is sitting at the upper right position to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 E and P are horizontal and E is to the right of P.
2 The objects P and I are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 G is positioned in the front right corner of S.
4 S is to the top right of E.
5 H and X are side by side with H to the right and X to the left.
6 S presents below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	above	1
1 B and P are side by side with B to the left and P to the right.
2 Y is positioned below K and to the right.
3 C is over there and P is on the left of it.
4 P and F are side by side with P on the top and F at the bottom.
5 P is positioned in the top left corner of I.
6 B and E are parallel, and B is to the left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 T is on the top and M is at the bottom.
2 H is diagonally left and above H.
3 O is sitting at the lower right position to T.
4 O and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
5 G is diagonally left and below Z.
6 L is positioned above M and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned above W and to the left.
2 W is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 K is upper right to C.
4 K is to the upper left of I.
5 H is to the bottom-left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
2 R is to the top of U vertically.
3 X is to the right of S.
4 W is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
5 W is positioned above R.
6 U is diagonally to the upper left of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the left of object E.
2 Z is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
3 The objects D and W are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
4 H and W are next to each other with W on the right and H on the left.
5 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
6 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 U is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Q is at the bottom of B vertically.
4 G is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
5 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
6 C is sitting at the upper left position to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	right	1
1 K is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 K is to the top of Z vertically.
3 M is on the lower left of H.
4 K and R are in a vertical line with K on top.
5 W and L are side by side with L at the bottom and W on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	below	1
1 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
2 G and O are parallel, and G is on top of O.
3 The object N is positioned directly above the object Q.
4 N is sitting in the right direction of Y.
5 G is over N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 J and W are horizontal and J is to the right of W.
3 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
4 S is below V.
5 If D is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	left	1
1 Z is positioned right to W.
2 D is above Y at 10 o'clock.
3 E is at the bottom of Y.
4 E is to the top of K vertically.
5 L presents over K.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 F and V are side by side with F on the top and V at the bottom.
3 G is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
4 K and B are parallel, and K is on top of B.
5 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
6 F is to the bottom right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	right	1
1 O is above and to the left of D.
2 S is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
3 C is over there with S above.
4 S is sitting at the lower right position to J.
5 I is at the 6 o'clock position relative to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
2 Object V is above object D and to the left of it, too.
3 O is on the right side to B.
4 X is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
5 The object Z is positioned directly below the object B.
6 H is diagonally left and below R.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
2 V is to the right of Y horizontally.
3 V is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
4 A is over there with J above.
5 V is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 D is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	above	1
1 V is positioned above A.
2 U is on the right side and below E.
3 The object S is positioned directly below the object U.
4 W is placed at the upper right of E.
5 B is on the right side to L.
6 E and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	above	1
1 T is at the bottom and S is on the top.
2 W is at K's 12 o'clock.
3 U is to the right of M horizontally.
4 S is diagonally to the upper left of F.
5 W is placed in the right direction of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Y is on the lower left of G.
3 N is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 F is at K’s 9 o'clock.
5 J and V are parallel, and J on the right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 E is on the top side to P.
2 S and X are both there with the object X below the object S.
3 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
5 E is below and to the right of S.
6 I is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 L is placed at the bottom of R.
2 R and I are parallel, and R is on top of I.
3 E is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
4 N is south east of C.
5 R is below N with a small gap between them.
6 K is on the right and L is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 D is over there with L below.
3 D and G are side by side with G at the bottom and D on the top.
4 L is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
5 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
6 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	above	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object W.
3 G is positioned up and to the right of Y.
4 Q is on the right and O is on the left.
5 X is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 H is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 U is on top of F.
3 J is at W's 3 o'clock.
4 X is lower left to W.
5 J is directly north east of U.
6 F is placed at the lower right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 B is positioned left to F.
3 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object F.
4 L and V are side by side with L to the right and V to the left.
5 B is to the bottom-left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	above	1
1 I is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
2 D and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
3 F is on the left and E is on the right.
4 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
5 If F is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
6 A is over there and E is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	right	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 Q and O are vertical and Q is below O.
3 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
4 V is diagonally left and above V.
5 X is below and to the right of O.
6 M is positioned below X and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 G is placed at the lower left of V.
2 R is on the lower right of Y.
3 J is over there and Y is on the left.
4 O and J are side by side with J at the bottom and O on the top.
5 A is over there and R is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Q and L are vertical and Q is above L.
3 N is over there with L above.
4 N is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
5 M and S are side by side with M to the left and S to the right.
6 P is on top of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	below	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
2 T is diagonally to the upper right of B.
3 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
4 S is below and to the right of E.
5 The object F is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	below	1
1 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
2 C is placed in the left direction of K.
3 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
4 K is over there and D is on the right of it.
5 U is diagonally left and above U.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	left	1
1 K is directly above U.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
3 H and E are next to each other with H on the left and E on the right.
4 U is positioned down and to the left of L.
5 M is positioned left to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the bottom right of B.
2 F is on top of E.
3 Q presents lower left to E.
4 H and F are parallel, and H on the right of F.
5 F is below G at 4 o'clock.
6 T is lower left to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Z presents over F.
2 X and U are parallel, and X is on top of U.
3 H is south west of N.
4 J is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
6 J is directly north east of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 K is on the lower right of Q.
3 R is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
4 Q is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 N is directly north west of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	left	1
1 R is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
2 E and C are vertical and E is below C.
3 Q is above E.
4 I and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and I on the left.
5 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	below	1
1 J is to the left of L horizontally.
2 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
3 L is above and to the right of C.
4 K is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 J is below Z at 4 o'clock.
6 J and H are horizontal and J is to the left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 U is to the top of P vertically.
3 Q is at the bottom of U vertically.
4 T is above U.
5 L is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 O is below T at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 O is to the bottom left of V.
2 O is at L's 6 o'clock.
3 D is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
4 M and T are both there with the object M is to the left of object T.
5 O is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 T is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to F.
2 U is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face U.
3 U and G are vertical and U is above G.
4 T is on the lower right of P.
5 O is positioned above U and to the left.
6 O is at T's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	below	1
1 A is south east of Q.
2 W is on the upper right of Z.
3 A is placed at the lower left of I.
4 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
5 Y is below A and to the right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents over T.
2 G is positioned below and to the right of Q.
3 F is sitting at the upper right position to X.
4 G is positioned left to Y.
5 P is to the right of G horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	right	1
1 The objects A and T are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 Y and C are parallel, and Y is under C.
3 B is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 B is above and to the left of W.
5 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
6 N is to the top of A vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The objects K and U are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
3 E presents left to L.
4 K is sitting at the upper right position to H.
5 H is diagonally right and above C.
6 E is on the left side and above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 J is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
3 L and J are both there with the object J below the object L.
4 J is under V.
5 V is over there with S below.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
2 C is sitting at the lower right position to S.
3 Y is on top of W.
4 C is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
5 F is at the bottom of U vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	below	1
1 D is directly north east of M.
2 E is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
4 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
5 D is on the lower right of W.
6 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned in the top left corner of B.
2 B and O are parallel, and B is on top of O.
3 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
4 K is on the right side and top of Q.
5 T is placed in the right direction of X.
6 Y is placed at the lower left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 U is over there and D is directly below it.
2 M is to the bottom left of F.
3 U is at the bottom and F is on the top.
4 J and G are parallel, and J is over G.
5 Z and W are next to each other with Z on the left and W on the right.
6 U is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	left	1
1 S is to the bottom-right of P.
2 D is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 P is on the upper right of L.
4 L is below F with a small gap between them.
5 P is above and to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
2 A is over there and Z is directly above it.
3 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
4 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
5 K is on the left and Z is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 F is over there and B is on the left of it.
2 E is upper right to J.
3 B is over there and M is on the left.
4 Q is on the left side of and below F.
5 F is north west of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	left	1
1 E is on the top and B is at the bottom.
2 L is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
3 Z presents upper right to Y.
4 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
5 Y is to the top-right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 D and G are next to each other with D on the left and G on the right.
2 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 T is directly south west of N.
4 D and A are side by side with D to the right and A to the left.
5 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
6 X and A are parallel, and X on the right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 Q is over there and J is directly above it.
2 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
3 W is on the left side to A.
4 L is positioned below and to the right of G.
5 K is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
6 K is below G at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	right	1
1 K is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object M is positioned directly below the object Q.
3 M is at the lower side of T.
4 Q is on the left side and above B.
5 G and T are parallel, and G on the right of T.
6 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	left	1
1 P is above and to the left of O.
2 W is below M and to the right of M.
3 M and A are next to each other with M on the left and A on the right.
4 H and W are side by side with H to the left and W to the right.
5 Object T is above object V and to the left of it, too.
6 T is upper right to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	left	1
1 R is over there and K is on the right of it.
2 L is to the upper left of W.
3 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
4 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
5 F is over there and W is directly above it.
6 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	right	1
1 H and R are vertical and H is below R.
2 P is above M.
3 R is to the left of A.
4 V is sitting at the lower left position to R.
5 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
6 W is over there and C is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M and O are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
2 V is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
3 I is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
4 O is to the top right of E.
5 E is above V and to the right of V.
6 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 X and W are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 V is above A at 2 o'clock.
3 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
4 X is at V's 3 o'clock.
5 I is placed at the lower left of C.
6 J is on the left side of and below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the right and I is on the left.
2 K is at the bottom and M is on the top.
3 C is under M.
4 J is on the right side and top of C.
5 C is at N's 3 o'clock.
6 S is to the top right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	above	1
1 K is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 P is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 X is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
4 R is sitting in the right direction of U.
5 G is positioned above and to the left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
2 I is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 The object D is positioned directly above the object O.
4 O is over there and K is directly above it.
5 K is positioned above I and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at E's 12 o'clock.
2 The object Z and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 T and L are both there with the object T is to the right of object L.
4 M is to the top right of G.
5 L and G are next to each other with L on the left and G on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Q is above S with a small gap between them.
2 C is over there and P is directly below it.
3 N is placed at the bottom of C.
4 P is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 S is directly south east of I.
6 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	left	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 N is at the bottom of J vertically.
3 N presents upper right to E.
4 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
5 S is directly north west of F.
6 F is upper left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	below	1
1 T is positioned above V and to the left.
2 B is to the right of R.
3 T is below R at 7 o'clock.
4 H is over there and P is on the left.
5 B is positioned left to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	right	1
1 H is under I.
2 S is at the bottom of N.
3 U is sitting at the top position to D.
4 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
5 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned left to C.
2 F is positioned below C and to the right.
3 P is above U at 2 o'clock.
4 Object Y is above object E and to the left of it, too.
5 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the bottom-right of E.
2 Q is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 F is positioned in the top left corner of E.
4 V is on the right side and top of E.
5 L presents upper right to H.
6 B is below F at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 M is above O and to the left of O.
2 U presents upper right to W.
3 The object S and U are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 M presents lower left to S.
5 G is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 F is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
2 L and V are parallel, and L on the right of V.
3 L is directly above N.
4 Z is over there and W is on the left.
5 L is on the right and O is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	right	1
1 P is over there and S is on the right of it.
2 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
3 C is positioned below J.
4 J and Q are parallel, and J is to the left of Q.
5 Q is above O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	left	1
1 Object E is below object D and to the right of it, too.
2 D and N are side by side with D to the left and N to the right.
3 W is at the lower side of Y.
4 W is at R's 3 o'clock.
5 J is over there and A is on the left.
6 D is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 F is on the right and L is on the left.
2 L is positioned below B and to the right.
3 M is positioned below E and to the right.
4 X is diagonally left and below P.
5 M is to the bottom-left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the top of S vertically.
2 X and E are parallel, and X is under E.
3 G is directly south west of P.
4 N is sitting at the lower left position to X.
5 D and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	above	1
1 N and B are parallel, and N is to the left of B.
2 C presents upper left to W.
3 B is above Z with a small gap between them.
4 N is at the bottom of F vertically.
5 F is positioned above G and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	below	1
1 T is on the left and K is on the right.
2 J presents left to C.
3 J is at the bottom of T.
4 I and J are parallel, and I on the left of J.
5 H and X are parallel, and H is over X.
6 Object R is above object T and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 S and P are side by side with P at the bottom and S on the top.
2 F is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 P is over there with D below.
4 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
5 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	below	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 N and G are next to each other with G on the right and N on the left.
3 B and L are both there with the object L below the object B.
4 R is on the upper right of D.
5 N is diagonally to the upper left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 R is directly below Y.
2 H is positioned left to G.
3 Q is at the bottom of X.
4 C is on the left side and above H.
5 C is at X's 12 o'clock.
6 G is sitting in the right direction of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	above	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 L is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 Y is placed at the upper left of Q.
4 O is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
5 X is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
6 A is on the lower left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 Y and V are parallel, and Y is on top of V.
3 X is under G.
4 S is above V at 10 o'clock.
5 H is to the upper left of Y.
6 S is directly above A.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	below	1
1 D is sitting at the upper left position to R.
2 T is over there with H above.
3 H is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 K is diagonally right and below S.
5 K is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 I is positioned above H and to the left.
2 N is above T at 2 o'clock.
3 M and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom M on the top.
4 H is to the top-left of M.
5 M is below and to the left of Z.
6 Object E is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 The objects A and B are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 R is over there and M is at the bottom of it.
4 S is on the left and V is on the right.
5 N is to the top of R vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 X and R are vertical and X is above R.
2 W is placed at the upper right of F.
3 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
4 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
5 B is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 D is upper right to S.
3 D is placed in the right direction of U.
4 S is sitting at the lower position to E.
5 D and J are horizontal and D is to the left of J.
6 U and K are parallel, and U is on top of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 B and I are next to each other with B on the top and I at the bottom.
2 F is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
4 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
5 G is placed at the upper left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	left	1
1 A is placed in the left direction of C.
2 Q is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 A is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
4 The objects S and G are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
5 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 R is under C.
2 C is on the right and G is on the left.
3 K is sitting in the right direction of M.
4 S is on the lower right of G.
5 Y is below G and to the right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 W is north west of D.
2 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
3 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
4 Q is on the top side to N.
5 U is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
6 F and N are both there with the object N below the object F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 N is on top of F.
2 E is to the upper left of U.
3 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
4 F is placed in the right direction of C.
5 T is positioned above C and to the right.
6 C presents left to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	below	1
1 Y is above G with a small gap between them.
2 J is placed on the top of Y.
3 H is below G with a small gap between them.
4 C is on the lower left of N.
5 H is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	above	1
1 D is over there and B is directly below it.
2 F is to the top-left of E.
3 O is sitting at the top position to R.
4 F and B are both there with the object B below the object F.
5 F is placed at the bottom of R.
6 T is below U and to the right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Z is lower right of J.
3 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
4 J is on the right side and below V.
5 S is on the lower right of R.
6 P is below O.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 A and I are parallel, and A is on top of I.
2 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
3 Y is lower right of P.
4 P is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 Q presents over J.
6 N is placed at the bottom of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 G presents over J.
2 F and Z are parallel, and F is to the left of Z.
3 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
4 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
5 The object M is positioned directly above the object L.
6 Object C is below object F and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 H is directly north west of Z.
2 U is over there and R is directly above it.
3 F is to the left of E horizontally.
4 R is over there with P below.
5 Q is below Z at 4 o'clock.
6 U is to the top-right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	below	1
1 N and S are parallel, and S is below N.
2 D is upper left of I.
3 H is below Z with a small gap between them.
4 D is positioned up and to the right of M.
5 M and H are next to each other with M on the left and H on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	right	1
1 B and H are side by side with H at the bottom and B on the top.
2 F is placed at the lower left of O.
3 O is below and to the left of V.
4 A is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
5 O is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Q and V are horizontal and Q is to the left of V.
2 J is placed on the top of H.
3 J is directly above R.
4 H and X are parallel, and H is on top of X.
5 H is on the right side and top of K.
6 S is on the left and J is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 Y is above M and to the right of M.
2 M and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
3 N is below U.
4 N and P are both there with the object N is to the left of object P.
5 L and O are side by side with L to the right and O to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 V is below and to the left of K.
2 U is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 S is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
4 E is above D with a small gap between them.
5 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
6 K is sitting at the lower right position to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the left of J horizontally.
2 B is to the bottom right of F.
3 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
4 Object B is above object L and to the left of it, too.
5 If R is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	right	1
1 L is on the lower right of A.
2 Y is placed at the upper right of S.
3 A presents upper right to H.
4 H is to the bottom-left of W.
5 B is positioned above L and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 U is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 F is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower righthand corner.
3 Q is upper left of N.
4 V and P are side by side with V to the right and P to the left.
5 W is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
6 F is at the bottom of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 X and C are next to each other with X on the top and C at the bottom.
2 A is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
3 Q is directly north west of Y.
4 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
5 M is directly above Y.
6 The objects H and M are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	left	1
1 G is placed on the top of B.
2 B is below Z at 7 o'clock.
3 S is above C at 10 o'clock.
4 G is on the lower left of W.
5 G is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 N is to the bottom-right of Z.
2 N is positioned down and to the left of A.
3 L is diagonally to the upper left of P.
4 R is above A at 10 o'clock.
5 N is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
6 H presents lower right to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	left	1
1 R is on the left side to J.
2 Q is to the top of A vertically.
3 T presents over E.
4 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
5 Q and J are parallel, and Q on the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Y is on the left side to Q.
2 If B is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
3 Q is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
4 P presents lower right to Y.
5 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
6 L is directly south west of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 G is placed in the left direction of C.
2 Z is positioned right to X.
3 V and J are both there with the object V is to the left of object J.
4 Z and S are side by side with Z to the right and S to the left.
5 X is at C's 12 o'clock.
6 X is sitting at the top position to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 T is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 H is above and to the left of D.
3 D is on the left side to T.
4 H is directly above L.
5 A and C are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the left side of and below J.
2 N is on the left side to S.
3 K is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
4 K is to the bottom-right of Q.
5 U is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
3 V is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 V is above and to the right of C.
5 Q and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
6 X is over there and V is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 L is at the bottom of C and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
3 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
4 L is north east of W.
5 Y is upper left of M.
6 A is sitting at the lower right position to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally left and below P.
2 V is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 H is above Y and to the right of Y.
4 V is placed at the upper right of D.
5 The object N and R are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	left	1
1 The objects O and R are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 R is diagonally left and below U.
3 B is to the top-right of R.
4 U is directly below L.
5 D is positioned in the lower right corner of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
2 L is directly south east of A.
3 E presents upper left to N.
4 I is directly south east of S.
5 Y is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
2 K is at G’s 9 o'clock.
3 C is south west of U.
4 W is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 J and A are side by side with A at the bottom and J on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the bottom-left of L.
2 C is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
3 E is sitting at the upper right position to F.
4 I and C are parallel, and C is below I.
5 Q is above D with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
2 I is directly north west of H.
3 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
4 W is positioned down and to the left of H.
5 C is on the right and V is on the left.
6 M and U are side by side with M to the right and U to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 R and M are parallel, and R on the left of M.
2 C is placed at the lower left of Z.
3 Q is positioned up and to the right of Z.
4 C is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Z presents upper left to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the top-left of P.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
3 X and C are parallel, and X on the left of C.
4 S presents right to V.
5 M is to the upper left of X.
6 S is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Z is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 T is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Y and U are parallel, and Y is on top of U.
4 T and V are next to each other with V on the right and T on the left.
5 V is to the right of I horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	left	1
1 E is upper left of I.
2 N is on the right and L is on the left.
3 K and Q are in a vertical line with K on top.
4 K is positioned left to W.
5 E is below K and to the left of K.
6 The object E and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	left	1
1 M is below K and to the right of K.
2 B is placed at the lower left of O.
3 C is over there and O is on the left of it.
4 A is placed at the upper left of W.
5 B is on the top and H is at the bottom.
6 H is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	left	1
1 O is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 The objects O and E are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 L is diagonally right and below E.
4 F is sitting in the left direction of X.
5 Object S is below object W and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	left	1
1 V is on the right side to C.
2 Object I is above object C and to the left of it, too.
3 C is above and to the left of F.
4 I is positioned above G and to the right.
5 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
2 I is below and to the left of Q.
3 X is sitting at the upper right position to D.
4 F is directly north east of Y.
5 I and T are next to each other with I on the left and T on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	right	1
1 U is directly above D.
2 Q and W are next to each other with W on the right and Q on the left.
3 B is south west of R.
4 The object D is positioned directly below the object Q.
5 M and U are parallel, and M is on top of U.
6 E is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	above	1
1 H is on the left side of and below A.
2 If A is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
3 A is over there with S above.
4 C is positioned below B.
5 S is placed on the top of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 N is at Y's 6 o'clock.
2 Z is to the right of C.
3 V is lower left to X.
4 D is placed in the right direction of N.
5 Z is above and to the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 G is over there with L above.
2 L is placed on the top of H.
3 U is positioned below F and to the right.
4 If H is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
5 The object P and J are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 P is over A.
2 G and A are next to each other with G on the left and A on the right.
3 O and A are parallel, and O is under A.
4 I is lower left to A.
5 T is sitting at the lower right position to P.
6 S is above F.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	right	1
1 M is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
2 D is above P and to the left of P.
3 V is above and to the left of K.
4 J is placed in the left direction of M.
5 P is sitting at the lower left position to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	below	1
1 O is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 S is positioned above P.
3 O is sitting in the left direction of L.
4 P is placed at the lower right of Z.
5 D is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
6 O is placed at the upper right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the right side and top of X.
2 I is to the right of D horizontally.
3 M is on the lower left of H.
4 I is at M’s 9 o'clock.
5 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 J is over there and M is directly above it.
2 N is positioned below J.
3 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
4 B is positioned left to N.
5 R is directly south west of O.
6 S is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	above	1
1 M is on the right side to Q.
2 I is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 D is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 W and D are parallel, and W on the left of D.
5 H is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
6 B is positioned below H and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 A and D are parallel, and A is under D.
3 D is placed at the lower left of X.
4 P is positioned below H and to the left.
5 A is positioned above and to the left of P.
6 X is directly north east of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 M is directly above D.
2 X and E are next to each other with X on the top and E at the bottom.
3 Q is placed at the bottom of R.
4 E is on the right side and below F.
5 A and R are parallel, and A is to the left of R.
6 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	right	1
1 J is over there and T is on the left.
2 P presents right to M.
3 D is on the left side to P.
4 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
5 M is over A.
6 G is below M with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 D and T are in a vertical line with D on top.
2 Q presents over P.
3 D is on the right side and below P.
4 F is over there with Q below.
5 M is positioned left to I.
6 Z presents left to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	above	1
1 S is to the left of A.
2 D and S are both there with the object S below the object D.
3 A is diagonally right and below R.
4 Y is placed at the lower left of V.
5 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
2 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
3 G is to the top-left of U.
4 G is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
5 F is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	left	1
1 L is placed in the right direction of T.
2 H is on the left side of and below J.
3 C presents upper left to L.
4 Object T is below object H and to the right of it, too.
5 X is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
3 F is north east of D.
4 If X is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
5 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the right side to U.
2 U is over there and B is at the bottom of it.
3 X is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
4 T is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
5 D is below and to the right of T.
6 K is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 H is on the right side and below J.
3 G is directly south east of B.
4 G is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 G is on the left side and above M.
6 I is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 E presents upper right to K.
2 I is to the top right of A.
3 Q is north west of A.
4 M is at the bottom of V vertically.
5 M and I are parallel, and M is over I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Q is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
2 B is above C at 2 o'clock.
3 A is south east of Q.
4 Y is on the left and R is on the right.
5 G is sitting at the top position to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the right and N is on the left.
2 The object E and K are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 O is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
4 P is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 T is placed in the right direction of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 F is to the right of D horizontally.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
3 If H is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
4 L is below I and to the left of I.
5 B is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right of V.
2 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
3 Object T is above object G and to the left of it, too.
4 L is lower left to H.
5 G is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	right	1
1 E is on the left and O is on the right.
2 O is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 N and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
4 Q is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 X and J are parallel, and X is to the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Object B is above object E and to the left of it, too.
2 M and L are next to each other with L on the right and M on the left.
3 If M is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
4 W presents left to L.
5 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
6 Q is on the right side and top of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 L and O are parallel, and L is over O.
2 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
3 N is to the bottom right of V.
4 U is on the top side to R.
5 R is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 G is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 V is below X at 4 o'clock.
3 O and U are parallel, and U is below O.
4 A is positioned above I and to the left.
5 D is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 W and X are parallel, and W on the left of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned right to X.
2 Q and N are parallel, and Q is under N.
3 Q is placed at the lower right of F.
4 C and U are in a horizontal line with U on the right.
5 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
6 H is positioned left to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
2 T and B are parallel, and T is on top of B.
3 A is to the top right of L.
4 N is above Y at 2 o'clock.
5 E is placed at the upper left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned below W and to the left.
2 Z is to the upper left of T.
3 F is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 O is on the right side to F.
5 W is below T with a small gap between them.
6 N is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	above	1
1 I is directly north west of H.
2 F presents right to B.
3 F is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 A is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
5 P is below B.
6 P is below E with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	below	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 O is to the top-left of A.
3 Q is positioned left to P.
4 U is above and to the left of W.
5 R is sitting at the lower left position to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 G and C are both there with the object C below the object G.
3 E is at the bottom of D.
4 X is at the bottom of C and is on the same vertical plane.
5 The objects N and B are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 E is above X at 10 o'clock.
2 N is positioned down and to the left of F.
3 S and X are parallel, and S is to the right of X.
4 X is to the left of A.
5 Object A is above object E and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	right	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of M.
2 Q is below D with a small gap between them.
3 M is to the top-right of Q.
4 X is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 If G is the center of a clock face, D is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	left	1
1 M and K are next to each other with M on the top and K at the bottom.
2 M is diagonally right and below Q.
3 G is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
4 O is sitting in the left direction of U.
5 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 R is placed at the lower right of H.
2 H is below O with a small gap between them.
3 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
4 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
5 V is on the right side to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Y and Z are in a vertical line with Y on top.
3 Z is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 L and N are parallel, and L on the right of N.
5 S is at the lower side of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
2 G is positioned below B.
3 X is under M.
4 O is sitting at the lower position to A.
5 M is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 O is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	left	1
1 V is over there and Y is on the left.
2 W and V are horizontal and W is to the left of V.
3 K is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 Q is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
5 W is at the bottom of D vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	above	1
1 N is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 E and V are both there with the object V below the object E.
3 N is over there and V is directly above it.
4 R is on the left and C is on the right.
5 W is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	below	1
1 H and F are side by side with H to the right and F to the left.
2 P is under K.
3 R is to the bottom right of N.
4 P is diagonally right and below H.
5 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	right	1
1 X and J are in a vertical line with X on top.
2 X is to the top of W vertically.
3 R is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
4 W is on the left and T is on the right.
5 X is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	above	1
1 The objects T and O are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
3 D is on the right and W is on the left.
4 V is at N's 12 o'clock.
5 D presents over T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 M is sitting at the top position to W.
2 M is to the top of Y vertically.
3 V is diagonally left and below W.
4 A is directly north west of M.
5 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
6 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 R is above T at 10 o'clock.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
3 T is sitting at the lower left position to S.
4 A is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Q and S are both there with the object Q is to the left of object S.
6 B is above M at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	right	1
1 Z is at the lower side of R.
2 R is sitting in the right direction of F.
3 C is to the bottom-left of H.
4 B is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 Z is at T's 3 o'clock.
6 E is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Y is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
2 Y is positioned down and to the left of C.
3 N is directly south west of O.
4 N is on the left side to Z.
5 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
2 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
3 Q is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 K is over there and I is directly above it.
5 X is positioned down and to the left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 S is on the right side to V.
2 G is directly south east of C.
3 G is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
4 F is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 C is on the left side to Z.
6 W is positioned below T and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	above	1
1 The objects A and Y are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 X is upper left of K.
3 W is placed at the bottom of H.
4 Y and K are parallel, and Y is under K.
5 F is to the top-right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	above	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper left of R.
2 T is under B.
3 Y is to the bottom right of I.
4 T is on the left and R is on the right.
5 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
6 B is at Y's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	right	1
1 B and E are both there with the object B is to the right of object E.
2 E is below N and to the left of N.
3 G is positioned below E and to the right.
4 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
5 Z and B are in a vertical line with Z on top.
6 O is at E's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 G is below and to the left of E.
2 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
3 S is above M and to the left of M.
4 M is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 M is sitting at the lower position to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	left	1
1 X is positioned right to Z.
2 Q is diagonally right and above L.
3 M is to the right of U horizontally.
4 Object L is above object O and to the left of it, too.
5 X is placed at the upper left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 S and Y are parallel, and S on the left of Y.
2 S is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
3 The objects K and Y are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
4 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
5 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of P.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
3 I is to the right of Y.
4 V is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 X is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
2 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
3 L is sitting in the right direction of I.
4 F is placed on the top of U.
5 W and H are both there with the object W above the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 M is below U at 7 o'clock.
2 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 Z is below I.
4 Y presents upper left to M.
5 P is sitting at the top position to M.
6 The object Y and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Object M is above object L and to the left of it, too.
2 U is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 L is positioned right to S.
4 L is directly below Y.
5 Y is positioned below and to the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	above	1
1 Z is positioned below S and to the left.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
3 Z is to the upper left of B.
4 T is positioned below P.
5 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object C.
6 E presents upper right to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	below	1
1 V and B are both there with the object B below the object V.
2 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
3 F is sitting at the top position to C.
4 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to L.
5 Q is placed at the upper right of L.
6 L is to the right of T horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	left	1
1 Y is directly north west of E.
2 T is over there and S is on the left.
3 M is on the left side of and below Q.
4 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
5 E and J are in a vertical line with J below E.
6 B is on the lower right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 I and M are both there with the object I is to the right of object M.
2 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
3 I is directly north west of H.
4 If D is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
5 L is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
2 V is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
3 If D is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
4 A is sitting at the lower position to S.
5 V is to the top right of G.
6 E is to the top-right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally right and above S.
2 D and R are parallel, and D is to the left of R.
3 The objects N and P are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
4 Q is directly below P.
5 The objects A and N are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 X is at P's 3 o'clock.
2 I is positioned up and to the right of A.
3 A is placed at the lower right of W.
4 A is to the left of V horizontally.
5 E is placed at the upper left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 M and C are next to each other with M on the top and C at the bottom.
2 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
3 X is to the bottom right of Y.
4 N is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 X is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 N and S are side by side with N to the left and S to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 J and F are parallel, and J is to the left of F.
2 D is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
3 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
4 The object H and G are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
5 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	left	1
1 C is on the top and H is at the bottom.
2 V is at Y's 6 o'clock.
3 E is sitting at the top position to H.
4 B presents over C.
5 H is on the right side and top of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	above	1
1 U and D are parallel, and U is over D.
2 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
3 J is at the bottom and O is on the top.
4 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
5 Object O is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
6 V is north east of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 A is positioned below R and to the left.
2 Z is diagonally to the upper right of X.
3 A is sitting at the top position to D.
4 D is positioned right to F.
5 A is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 L is over there and P is on the left of it.
2 N is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
3 N is south west of J.
4 X is sitting at the lower right position to G.
5 J is over there with Q below.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	left	1
1 A is positioned above D and to the right.
2 Y is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 M is over there and J is on the left of it.
4 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
5 L is to the top-right of O.
6 O is on the left and Y is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 L is above and to the left of Z.
3 C and B are both there with the object C above the object B.
4 The objects B and Z are over there. The object B is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
5 R presents lower right to O.
6 Z and O are parallel, and O is below Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
3 Q is placed at the bottom of F.
4 H is sitting at the upper right position to R.
5 Q is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 U is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W is on the right side to K.
2 B is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
4 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
5 K is placed at the bottom of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 G and T are side by side with G to the left and T to the right.
2 M is above C at 10 o'clock.
3 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
4 S and C are next to each other with C at the bottom S on the top.
5 N is at the bottom of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	above	1
1 D is over there and N is directly below it.
2 Q is diagonally right and above E.
3 O is upper right to Q.
4 O is to the upper left of R.
5 E is upper right to C.
6 F is positioned above O and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the lower right of F.
2 Q is to the upper left of F.
3 G is above and to the left of H.
4 L is north east of K.
5 Q and G are in a vertical line with Q on top.
6 N is positioned above G and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 X and C are side by side with X to the left and C to the right.
2 J is placed at the upper left of S.
3 K and I are both there with the object K is to the right of object I.
4 J is sitting in the left direction of C.
5 U is south east of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	right	1
1 W is placed at the bottom of T.
2 J presents lower right to W.
3 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
4 J is above G with a small gap between them.
5 U is lower left to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Q is directly below F.
3 Z and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
4 F is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 B is to the right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The objects N and Z are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 X is above Q.
3 If P is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
4 J is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
5 J is placed at the upper left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom-right of K.
2 G is below C with a small gap between them.
3 The object E and W are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
4 T is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 W is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 V is on the upper right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 W is positioned below F.
2 W and Z are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
3 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
4 O is sitting at the lower right position to G.
5 Z is diagonally right and below Y.
6 T is over there and F is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	below	1
1 E is positioned above U.
2 C is north west of Q.
3 I is on the right side and top of U.
4 R is below E at 4 o'clock.
5 E is sitting at the upper right position to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	above	1
1 L and D are parallel, and L on the right of D.
2 U and A are vertical and U is above A.
3 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
4 U is sitting at the top position to G.
5 Q is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the lower right of P.
2 W is positioned below K and to the right.
3 K is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
4 A presents lower right to J.
5 G and K are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
6 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Object N is below object T and to the left of it, too.
2 S is positioned right to Y.
3 T and X are side by side with T on the top and X at the bottom.
4 O and C are both there with the object C below the object O.
5 T is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the top and F is at the bottom.
2 F presents upper right to K.
3 V is above E and to the left of E.
4 K is sitting at the upper right position to E.
5 V and W are both there with the object V above the object W.
6 Z and Q are both there with the object Q below the object Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 M is placed at the bottom of U.
2 L is lower left to U.
3 O is at L's 3 o'clock.
4 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to M.
5 G is above S at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
2 V is positioned below A and to the left.
3 Z is sitting in the right direction of A.
4 Q is north east of D.
5 H is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 G is below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, L is located between 7 and 8.
2 O is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
3 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
4 J is above O and to the left of O.
5 B is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
6 S is over there and C is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	below	1
1 Z is at B’s 9 o'clock.
2 A is positioned below K.
3 J is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 M is upper left of Q.
5 Q is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	right	1
1 R is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
2 H is at L’s 9 o'clock.
3 S is placed at the upper right of Z.
4 B is over there and H is on the right of it.
5 If A is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
6 The object B is positioned directly above the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
2 D is placed in the left direction of K.
3 D is diagonally right and above L.
4 K is below O.
5 P is over there and G is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 T and M are side by side with M at the bottom and T on the top.
2 R is below H at 7 o'clock.
3 H and C are next to each other with C on the right and H on the left.
4 B is diagonally above D to the right at a 45 degree.
5 H is positioned below D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Q is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
2 B and C are next to each other with B on the left and C on the right.
3 H is north east of I.
4 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of C.
5 Y is on the left side to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the right side to G.
2 If N is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 4 and 5.
3 M is diagonally below K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 D is at the lower side of P.
5 If P is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the left of X.
2 N is north east of U.
3 J is to the bottom right of Y.
4 K is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
5 If N is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
6 U is below and to the left of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	right	1
1 I is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 I is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 X is diagonally left and below U.
4 W is on the right and I is on the left.
5 D is on the right side and top of P.
6 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the right of T.
2 M is to the bottom right of H.
3 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
4 Y is to the bottom-left of K.
5 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	below	1
1 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
2 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
3 C is sitting at the lower position to D.
4 W and C are both there with the object W is to the right of object C.
5 L is below D and to the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
2 W is at the bottom of R vertically.
3 M and A are vertical and M is below A.
4 Z is placed at the lower left of R.
5 Z is diagonally left and below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 U is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
2 V is sitting in the right direction of I.
3 S is on the lower right of U.
4 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
5 M presents below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
2 S and X are in a vertical line with X below S.
3 B is above C and to the left of C.
4 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
5 B is over there with K above.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object P.
2 D is directly north west of O.
3 Q is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
4 B is placed at the upper right of H.
5 N is above O at 2 o'clock.
6 D is to the top-left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z is to the upper left of V.
2 R is on the left side to U.
3 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
4 If L is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
5 R is on the left side of and below B.
6 E is over there with R below.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 P is at the bottom of S vertically.
2 U is to the bottom-right of P.
3 R is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
4 U is directly south west of J.
5 T is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 Y is at the bottom of R vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	above	1
1 R is to the top-right of W.
2 T is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 T and B are side by side with T to the right and B to the left.
4 Y is on the right side to C.
5 I presents over C.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 E is below D at 4 o'clock.
2 X and D are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
3 Q and E are side by side with Q to the right and E to the left.
4 P is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
5 K is below and to the right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 E is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 R is diagonally left and below I.
3 O is diagonally to the upper right of A.
4 G is on the lower left of H.
5 E is diagonally to the upper right of I.
6 O is above and to the left of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	above	1
1 H is over there and G is on the right.
2 K and E are parallel, and K on the left of E.
3 M is over F.
4 G is on the lower left of J.
5 H is on the right side and below K.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 W and V are both there with the object W is to the right of object V.
2 G is below R at 4 o'clock.
3 W is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
4 If T is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
5 U is to the left of T horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 A is placed in the left direction of Q.
2 V is below L and to the left of L.
3 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
4 V is diagonally right and above Q.
5 A is lower left to G.
6 K is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	right	1
1 V is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
3 G is placed at the upper left of I.
4 N and V are parallel, and N is over V.
5 A is positioned in the top left corner of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 G is over there with B below.
2 M is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
3 M is over there with X above.
4 Q is on the lower left of R.
5 X is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
6 X is sitting at the top position to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 K is at V's 3 o'clock.
2 W is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face W.
3 W is above X at 10 o'clock.
4 E is to the upper left of T.
5 N is on the right and W is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 R is diagonally left and below A.
2 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 C is upper right to A.
4 M is at P’s 9 o'clock.
5 Q is lower right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the right side to C.
2 N is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
3 L is to the bottom right of V.
4 H is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 L and J are side by side with L to the right and J to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the top-left of G.
2 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
3 H is diagonally to the upper right of D.
4 R is to the top-right of E.
5 D and A are parallel, and D is to the right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
2 P and U are side by side with P to the right and U to the left.
3 S is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
4 V is below T and to the right of T.
5 T is diagonally right and above S.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 X is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Q is to the right of T horizontally.
3 A is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
4 I is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
5 E is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	below	1
1 N and L are both there with the object N above the object L.
2 S is positioned right to N.
3 O is above and to the right of R.
4 G and L are side by side with G to the right and L to the left.
5 D is to the bottom left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	right	1
1 N is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 H is positioned below J and to the right.
3 E is directly south east of N.
4 E is at W’s 9 o'clock.
5 Y is on the lower right of S.
6 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	right	1
1 D presents lower left to C.
2 V and P are parallel, and V is over P.
3 Q is to the upper left of E.
4 S is diagonally right and above T.
5 Q and C are side by side with Q to the left and C to the right.
6 T is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	above	1
1 S is diagonally left and above S.
2 N is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Y presents below B.
4 S is at G’s 9 o'clock.
5 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 P is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Z is above Y and to the left of Y.
4 Z is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
5 F is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 U is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
2 F is over there and P is on the right of it.
3 U and R are side by side with U to the left and R to the right.
4 K and J are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
5 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	above	1
1 K is over there and B is on the right.
2 N is to the bottom-left of K.
3 C is at the bottom of F vertically.
4 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
5 N is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	above	1
1 N and I are both there with the object N is to the left of object I.
2 Y is diagonally right and below E.
3 P is on the left and E is on the right.
4 L is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
5 I is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
6 Y is positioned below and to the right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Y is positioned above N and to the left.
2 Y and V are parallel, and Y is to the right of V.
3 V and R are vertical and V is below R.
4 W is diagonally left and below U.
5 N is lower left to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	right	1
1 U is to the right of H.
2 R is positioned above U and to the right.
3 P is to the upper left of E.
4 S is placed in the right direction of U.
5 Y is on the lower right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	left	1
1 C is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 C is to the top of W vertically.
3 B is on the right side and top of C.
4 A and T are both there with the object T below the object A.
5 K is above B and to the left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
2 F and R are side by side with F on the top and R at the bottom.
3 G is over there and Y is on the right of it.
4 Y is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 A is at the lower side of F.
6 V is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	left	1
1 R is diagonally below C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Q is below N with a small gap between them.
3 The objects H and J are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
4 C is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 F is positioned below J and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
3 R is north west of Q.
4 R is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 S is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
6 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object P is positioned directly below the object E.
2 C and D are next to each other with D at the bottom C on the top.
3 C is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
4 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
5 S presents lower right to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	left	1
1 J is positioned above G.
2 V is to the upper left of D.
3 J is below B and to the left of B.
4 G is over there with H below.
5 F is over there and B is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	above	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
3 Z and A are vertical and Z is below A.
4 F is at A's 3 o'clock.
5 T is sitting at the upper left position to P.
6 A presents over U.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 R is at F's 12 o'clock.
2 O is over there and I is directly above it.
3 F is directly below Z.
4 O is to the left of Z.
5 C is lower right of O.
6 W is placed in the left direction of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned right to I.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
3 The object U and T are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
4 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
5 I and F are next to each other with F at the bottom I on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	above	1
1 V is above and to the right of Q.
2 Q is at the bottom of J vertically.
3 G is below R.
4 G is diagonally left and below A.
5 The object A is positioned directly below the object Q.
6 N is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	above	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
2 B presents left to R.
3 P is to the left of B.
4 I is south west of A.
5 B and K are parallel, and B is to the left of K.
6 H and O are next to each other with O on the right and H on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Q is placed in the left direction of K.
2 Y is at the lower side of Q.
3 Q and H are both there with the object Q is to the left of object H.
4 H is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
5 T is to the bottom right of Q.
6 I is north east of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 U is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 D is over there and E is directly above it.
4 N is over there and O is on the top of it.
5 V is on the right side and top of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	above	1
1 X is sitting in the left direction of O.
2 B is positioned in the lower right corner of X.
3 Y is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 A is on the right and D is on the left.
5 I is sitting in the left direction of A.
6 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object L.
2 D is upper right to K.
3 I is placed in the left direction of T.
4 P and R are parallel, and P on the left of R.
5 K and X are parallel, and K is over X.
6 T is above and to the right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the top and P is at the bottom.
2 V is placed at the upper left of N.
3 H is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
4 Q is lower left to G.
5 T is placed on the top of N.
6 Z is upper right to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 I presents left to Q.
2 P and Q are side by side with P to the left and Q to the right.
3 B is to the upper left of E.
4 If P is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
5 I is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 A is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 A is above I at 10 o'clock.
3 W is on the right and P is on the left.
4 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
5 F is below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	left	1
1 S is to the top of Y vertically.
2 O is placed at the upper left of C.
3 B is below H with a small gap between them.
4 V and C are vertical and V is below C.
5 C is to the bottom-left of I.
6 I is below and to the right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	below	1
1 R and Q are parallel, and R on the right of Q.
2 A is at the lower side of R.
3 K is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 F is directly south east of A.
5 B is on the top and F is at the bottom.
6 V is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 K is over there and L is on the left.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
3 K is on the top side to D.
4 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
5 U is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
6 M is at the bottom of K vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 A is above R.
2 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
3 U is positioned below C.
4 K is placed at the lower left of E.
5 G is placed at the upper right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned in the top left corner of N.
2 Z is positioned above F and to the right.
3 N is below X with a small gap between them.
4 Q and E are parallel, and Q on the right of E.
5 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
6 X is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 K presents below M.
2 K is on the lower left of P.
3 S is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
5 W is to the left of V with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	above	1
1 T is sitting at the lower left position to A.
2 If A is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
3 F is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
4 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to A.
5 V is to the bottom-right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 H is directly below O.
2 I presents upper right to B.
3 J and W are next to each other with W at the bottom J on the top.
4 J is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 I and P are side by side with P at the bottom and I on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 S and H are parallel, and H is below S.
2 S is on the lower right of L.
3 Z is to the bottom right of L.
4 E is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
5 S presents below W.
6 C and K are in a vertical line with K below C.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	below	1
1 F is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
2 X is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
3 Q is sitting at the lower left position to R.
4 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
5 P is below R with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the top right of X.
2 X is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
3 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
4 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
5 C is to the right of L.
6 Y and C are side by side with Y on the top and C at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 W and C are both there with the object W above the object C.
2 C is on the left and P is on the right.
3 O presents left to S.
4 D is to the upper left of P.
5 W is below S at 4 o'clock.
6 The objects A and G are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 B is on the left side and above T.
2 I is to the left of R.
3 Object R is above object M and to the left of it, too.
4 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
5 I is on the lower left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
2 W is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
3 V is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 N is at W's 3 o'clock.
5 D is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
6 X and C are vertical and X is below C.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	left	1
1 Q is below and to the right of Z.
2 S is to the bottom-left of Z.
3 V is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 Q is positioned above N and to the right.
5 O and R are parallel, and O on the right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 M and Q are parallel, and M is to the right of Q.
2 Q is sitting in the left direction of B.
3 E is above Q at 10 o'clock.
4 O is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 A is on the top and B is at the bottom.
6 M and P are horizontal and M is to the left of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 N and P are side by side with N to the left and P to the right.
2 Y is below R with a small gap between them.
3 R is diagonally below K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 I and Y are parallel, and I is on top of Y.
5 Y is positioned left to Q.
6 V is sitting at the top position to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	above	1
1 B is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 T is positioned above and to the left of A.
3 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
4 M and U are next to each other with U on the right and M on the left.
5 M is to the upper left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	below	1
1 B is under O.
2 I presents right to S.
3 Object C is below object V and to the right of it, too.
4 I is under V.
5 S and H are side by side with S to the left and H to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 O is over there and Y is on the top of it.
2 Y is over there with L below.
3 I presents left to G.
4 N is south east of P.
5 S is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
6 N is above O at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	below	1
1 L presents lower right to B.
2 S is at the bottom and K is on the top.
3 W is to the right of L horizontally.
4 S is positioned in the top left corner of L.
5 K and P are parallel, and K on the left of P.
6 The object D and U are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	above	1
1 W and P are side by side with W to the left and P to the right.
2 T is over there and M is on the right of it.
3 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
4 P is lower left to M.
5 Object L is above object E and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned left to G.
2 U is below X.
3 J is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
4 Y presents upper right to G.
5 G is to the right of A horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 H and I are both there with the object H above the object I.
2 O is at D's 6 o'clock.
3 G is above O at 10 o'clock.
4 S is placed at the lower right of Q.
5 H is south west of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	left	1
1 B is on the right side and below W.
2 J is positioned left to W.
3 B is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
4 I and N are horizontal and I is to the left of N.
5 Y and Q are horizontal and Y is to the right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 W is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 W is positioned in the lower right corner of X.
3 D and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
4 B is diagonally left and below E.
5 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
2 M and Z are vertical and M is above Z.
3 Z is to the bottom-left of P.
4 N and X are both there with the object N is to the left of object X.
5 M is south east of F.
6 E is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	below	1
1 P is diagonally left and above P.
2 J is placed in the right direction of M.
3 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
4 V is to the upper left of Z.
5 A and F are next to each other with F on the right and A on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 A is at P's 12 o'clock.
2 If A is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
3 O and C are side by side with C at the bottom and O on the top.
4 S and P are parallel, and S is to the left of P.
5 N is below G and to the right of G.
6 O is over there and A is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	below	1
1 C and X are next to each other with X at the bottom C on the top.
2 U is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
3 The object A is positioned directly below the object M.
4 F is placed at the lower left of H.
5 H and M are parallel, and H is to the left of M.
6 Y is to the top-left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	above	1
1 P is to the bottom left of I.
2 U is at I's 3 o'clock.
3 O is positioned below Q.
4 U and W are side by side with U to the right and W to the left.
5 I is positioned below and to the right of F.
6 U is over there and L is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned up and to the right of P.
2 Y is on the left side to K.
3 U is positioned below D and to the right.
4 The object U and P are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
5 T is directly above U.
6 W is over there and E is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
2 I is directly north east of E.
3 B and F are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
4 I and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
5 Q is upper left of D.
6 W and I are parallel, and W is over I.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	left	1
1 I is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 E is over there and F is on the left.
3 R and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and R on the top.
4 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
5 I is on the right side to H.
6 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
2 F and V are side by side with F to the right and V to the left.
3 E is at V's 12 o'clock.
4 E is sitting at the lower left position to O.
5 F presents upper right to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	below	1
1 G is over there and D is directly below it.
2 F is at K's 12 o'clock.
3 I presents upper left to W.
4 N is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
5 M is placed in the right direction of I.
6 I and D are horizontal and I is to the left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	left	1
1 Y is to the bottom left of M.
2 O is on the right and C is on the left.
3 O is directly north west of R.
4 C is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 D is below O and to the right of O.
6 A is on top of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	left	1
1 B and F are both there with the object B is to the left of object F.
2 L is positioned below H and to the right.
3 L is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
5 B is placed at the upper right of L.
6 O is over there and Z is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 O is on the left side to E.
2 O is directly below W.
3 X is diagonally to the upper right of B.
4 T is directly south west of O.
5 I is on top of T.
6 Q is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the bottom-left of M.
2 O and S are in a vertical line with O on top.
3 M is over there and Q is on the right.
4 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
5 L is placed at the lower right of B.
6 M is to the bottom right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	right	1
1 O and Q are next to each other with O on the left and Q on the right.
2 T and W are in a vertical line with T on top.
3 W and J are both there with the object J below the object W.
4 T is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 M is below W with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned below U and to the right.
2 Z is sitting at the upper left position to R.
3 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
4 H is to the bottom left of N.
5 H is placed at the lower left of Z.
6 W is positioned up and to the right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 M and X are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
2 G is on the upper right of A.
3 G is placed at the upper left of Z.
4 Q is directly north east of G.
5 If A is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
6 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 V is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 K is sitting at the lower right position to G.
3 G is sitting at the lower position to P.
4 M is at W's 12 o'clock.
5 D is placed at the lower left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 T is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
2 Y is on the lower left of L.
3 K is directly below T.
4 I is on the lower left of K.
5 E presents lower left to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 W and N are both there with the object W is to the left of object N.
2 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 Z is to the left of N horizontally.
4 C and I are side by side with C to the left and I to the right.
5 O is placed at the lower right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 Q is to the bottom-left of K.
2 The object I is positioned directly below the object P.
3 P is below Q at 7 o'clock.
4 K is upper left of U.
5 H is to the left of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Object Y is below object D and to the right of it, too.
2 T and A are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
3 T is on the right side and below B.
4 If B is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
5 B is directly south east of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned below and to the right of C.
2 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 H and G are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
4 G is lower left to X.
5 R is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there and Q is on the top of it.
2 Y is on the right side and top of H.
3 D is positioned left to N.
4 V is above N at 10 o'clock.
5 O is to the top of V vertically.
6 N is lower right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
2 Q is to the top of D vertically.
3 N is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 G is below Q at 4 o'clock.
5 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
6 D is positioned in the lower right corner of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	above	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
2 R is to the top right of I.
3 S is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 N is north east of R.
5 R and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the top position to S.
2 X is positioned below D.
3 E is above H at 2 o'clock.
4 C is diagonally to the upper left of X.
5 C and H are side by side with C to the right and H to the left.
6 Y presents left to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	left	1
1 J is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 B and S are side by side with B to the left and S to the right.
3 K is to the upper left of B.
4 S is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 E is placed in the right direction of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 K presents upper left to P.
2 U and C are in a vertical line with U on top.
3 M is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 P is to the left of M with a small gap between them.
5 P is below and to the right of U.
6 L is on the upper right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 G and I are parallel, and G on the right of I.
2 Z is over there and C is on the left of it.
3 A is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
4 J is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 Z is positioned left to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 D is at K's 6 o'clock.
3 Z and P are next to each other with P at the bottom Z on the top.
4 W is above T at 2 o'clock.
5 D is at the bottom and W is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	below	1
1 H is at the lower side of C.
2 F is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 K and M are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
4 F is placed in the left direction of E.
5 C is at E’s 9 o'clock.
6 U is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 S and N are side by side with S to the right and N to the left.
2 E and F are parallel, and E on the right of F.
3 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
4 R is on the right side and below G.
5 E is positioned below and to the right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	below	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
3 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
4 C is to the bottom-left of A.
5 V is over there and N is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
2 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
3 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object J.
4 Z presents over P.
5 Object C is below object U and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 Y is to the bottom right of N.
2 G is placed in the left direction of T.
3 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
4 V is below P and to the left of P.
5 The object O and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
6 G is on the lower left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 E presents lower left to N.
3 E is above V at 10 o'clock.
4 I is above Z and to the left of Z.
5 W presents upper right to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 O is upper right to E.
2 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object O.
3 Q is on the upper right of R.
4 E is above W with a small gap between them.
5 E is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
6 J and G are horizontal and J is to the left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	above	1
1 P is directly north east of H.
2 R is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 M presents left to H.
4 X presents upper right to C.
5 A is at the lower side of F.
6 M is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	above	1
1 L is on the lower left of X.
2 The object J and Y are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
3 T is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
4 B is over H.
5 L is to the top right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	left	1
1 R is to the top-left of I.
2 Q and S are both there with the object S below the object Q.
3 E is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 Q is over there with I below.
5 E is below and to the right of J.
6 P and Y are horizontal and P is to the left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned up and to the right of X.
2 V is on the left and A is on the right.
3 V is on the left and O is on the right.
4 X is positioned above O.
5 C is north east of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	left	1
1 Y and X are next to each other with X at the bottom Y on the top.
2 X is on the right side and top of R.
3 G is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
4 Z is positioned down and to the left of V.
5 Z is positioned below and to the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	above	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
2 E is on the right and B is on the left.
3 B is over there and R is on the right of it.
4 N is sitting at the upper right position to A.
5 H presents right to R.
6 G is over there and R is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	left	1
1 V is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The object D is positioned directly above the object V.
3 D is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
4 J is directly above V.
5 B is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	below	1
1 T is on the left side of and below A.
2 D is lower right of A.
3 N is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
4 V is above E and to the right of E.
5 A is over there and N is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	left	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly below T.
2 Y is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 S and N are vertical and S is below N.
4 Q is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 S is diagonally right and above M.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 D is on top of Q.
2 F is directly south east of Q.
3 S is above and to the left of Z.
4 Q is on the top side to Z.
5 L is on the lower right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 J is to the upper left of H.
3 L is on top of P.
4 O is over there and F is on the left of it.
5 P and U are next to each other with P on the top and U at the bottom.
6 The objects W and P are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 A and Y are both there with the object A above the object Y.
2 V is over there and O is on the top of it.
3 M and Y are both there with the object M above the object Y.
4 I is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
5 Y is below I at 7 o'clock.
6 A is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the bottom left of J.
2 M is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 M is directly north west of H.
4 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
5 J is diagonally left and above J.
6 H is south east of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	left	1
1 J and U are parallel, and J is on top of U.
2 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
3 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
4 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
5 D is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
6 B is positioned right to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed at the upper right of M.
2 X is diagonally to the upper right of G.
3 H is north east of B.
4 B is placed at the upper left of X.
5 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to N.
2 G and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
3 H and F are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
4 R is to the bottom right of F.
5 I is sitting in the right direction of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 K is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 V is on top of P.
4 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
5 H presents over N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	left	1
1 H is on the lower left of Q.
2 T is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 X is positioned in the top left corner of S.
4 M is placed at the lower left of B.
5 J is placed at the upper left of B.
6 M is positioned below and to the right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 O is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
2 W presents upper right to K.
3 L is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 The object H and W are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
5 E and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
6 U is under H.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 X and U are next to each other with U at the bottom X on the top.
2 S is to the right of L.
3 O is below E.
4 V is directly above E.
5 L is diagonally right and below T.
6 E is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	below	1
1 Q is placed at the lower right of S.
2 J is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 R is above X with a small gap between them.
4 V is on the upper right of J.
5 X is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the upper left of O.
2 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
3 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
4 N is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
5 B is sitting in the left direction of Z.
6 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 Q is positioned below J.
2 H and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
3 W is to the bottom right of E.
4 W is over there and H is on the left.
5 W is positioned up and to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 D is below X and to the left of X.
2 B is at the bottom of G.
3 D presents lower right to H.
4 Z is to the right of N.
5 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
6 G is directly south east of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 U and E are in a vertical line with E below U.
2 V is over there and F is on the left of it.
3 V is to the left of E horizontally.
4 V is above and to the left of O.
5 Y is to the bottom left of L.
6 E and I are next to each other with I on the right and E on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 I is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 If R is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
3 V and P are both there with the object P below the object V.
4 D is positioned in the top left corner of I.
5 I is diagonally right and above P.
6 Z is to the top of I vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the upper left of Z.
2 Q is over there and V is directly below it.
3 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
4 M is above V and to the left of V.
5 The object Z and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 L is above and to the right of C.
3 Object V is above object G and to the left of it, too.
4 T is over there with V below.
5 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
6 F is placed at the lower right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally left and below I.
2 D and I are vertical and D is above I.
3 I is below Y at 4 o'clock.
4 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
5 O is below G and to the left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper right position to E.
2 A is positioned in the front right corner of S.
3 Y is south east of A.
4 E is to the top right of M.
5 If C is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
6 H is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	left	1
1 R is at the bottom of U vertically.
2 B is to the upper left of A.
3 N is placed on the top of R.
4 B and N are in a vertical line with N below B.
5 P is north east of N.
6 F is placed at the lower left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 D is on the left side of and below S.
2 Z is to the bottom-right of F.
3 E is positioned down and to the left of Y.
4 Q is below F with a small gap between them.
5 Q presents upper right to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 M is over there with R above.
2 G is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 J is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
4 B is diagonally right and below M.
5 P is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	left	1
1 K is lower right of O.
2 A is to the top-right of S.
3 M and X are side by side with M on the top and X at the bottom.
4 K is sitting at the upper right position to R.
5 D is above M at 10 o'clock.
6 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 T presents below G.
2 T is sitting at the top position to H.
3 P is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 C presents over T.
5 D is below Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	left	1
1 M is directly below J.
2 Y and M are both there with the object M below the object Y.
3 G is below X at 4 o'clock.
4 J is sitting in the left direction of C.
5 C is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
6 C is sitting in the right direction of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	left	1
1 G is on the left side and above V.
2 W and T are side by side with W to the right and T to the left.
3 H is sitting at the upper right position to U.
4 U is above P with a small gap between them.
5 P and T are both there with the object P is to the right of object T.
6 P is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 G and N are both there with the object G is to the right of object N.
2 Object O is below object G and to the right of it, too.
3 F and N are side by side with F on the top and N at the bottom.
4 If G is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
5 Q presents lower left to C.
6 B is to the top-left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 G is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 P is positioned down and to the left of Y.
3 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object V.
4 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
5 G is to the right of W horizontally.
6 M is sitting in the left direction of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
2 X and K are parallel, and X is to the left of K.
3 P and D are horizontal and P is to the right of D.
4 X is over there and F is directly above it.
5 E is above K and to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 A and U are parallel, and A is under U.
2 C presents lower left to D.
3 S and G are parallel, and S is on top of G.
4 S is diagonally right and below A.
5 A presents right to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 B is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 N is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 D is positioned below C.
4 A and D are parallel, and A is to the left of D.
5 C is placed at the lower left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 G is over there and S is on the left.
2 Z is over there and P is directly below it.
3 I is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
5 S is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 P is diagonally left and below N.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the top-left of U.
2 X and F are parallel, and F is below X.
3 O is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
4 U is placed at the upper left of A.
5 O is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	below	1
1 O is over C.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
3 R and X are both there with the object R is to the right of object X.
4 Object K is below object U and to the left of it, too.
5 B is on the lower right of O.
6 C is at L’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	right	1
1 J is diagonally right and above Z.
2 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
3 If H is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
4 H is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 O and Z are horizontal and O is to the left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object B and X are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 Z is directly south west of C.
3 Object Z is below object B and to the left of it, too.
4 L is below T and to the left of T.
5 O is directly north west of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	above	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 G is above and to the right of M.
3 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
4 B is on the left and D is on the right.
5 A is over there and T is on the right of it.
6 A and F are parallel, and A is under F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	above	1
1 U is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 K and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
3 N and G are parallel, and G is below N.
4 G presents left to T.
5 G is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 J is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
3 Y is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 N is on the left side and above R.
5 A is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face A.
6 D is directly south west of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the left of U horizontally.
2 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
3 A and V are vertical and A is below V.
4 L is placed at the upper right of Y.
5 U is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 J and M are parallel, and J is to the right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	below	1
1 Q is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
3 G is positioned above E and to the right.
4 N is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
5 N is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	above	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
2 K is on the upper right of I.
3 If K is the center of a clock face, U is located between 4 and 5.
4 O is above J with a small gap between them.
5 The objects K and S are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
6 Y presents upper right to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	left	1
1 V is positioned below J.
2 E and H are parallel, and E is to the left of H.
3 O is at the bottom of K.
4 D is lower right of R.
5 R is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
6 K is placed at the upper right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	above	1
1 V and D are parallel, and V is on top of D.
2 W is positioned in the lower left corner of A.
3 If V is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
4 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
5 V presents lower right to Y.
6 U and Y are both there with the object U is to the left of object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the top of W vertically.
2 L is to the bottom-left of M.
3 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
4 The object L is positioned directly below the object X.
5 Y is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 I is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 The object Q and T are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
4 D is above G at 2 o'clock.
5 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
6 Y is to the right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 B and L are next to each other with L at the bottom B on the top.
2 V is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
3 S and G are parallel, and S is to the right of G.
4 T is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
5 E is to the top of B vertically.
6 G is on the lower right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	below	1
1 X is diagonally left and below Z.
2 A is over C.
3 O is to the bottom left of X.
4 X is directly north west of T.
5 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
6 V and O are next to each other with V on the top and O at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 G is over there and E is on the right.
2 Z is above Y at 10 o'clock.
3 I is on top of Y.
4 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
5 Object E is below object A and to the right of it, too.
6 T and C are vertical and T is below C.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
2 O is on the left side of and below X.
3 F is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 O is below H at 7 o'clock.
5 O presents upper left to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	below	1
1 K and I are parallel, and I is below K.
2 K is placed at the lower left of L.
3 I is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 N is placed at the lower left of X.
5 M is to the top right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the top position to K.
2 U is north west of O.
3 S is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 W is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 C is on the top and W is at the bottom.
6 M is on the right side to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	right	1
1 S is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 V is on the left side and above L.
3 S and C are side by side with S on the top and C at the bottom.
4 L is over there and B is on the top of it.
5 U is over there and F is on the left.
6 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	left	1
1 D is north west of F.
2 F is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Q is positioned above and to the left of K.
4 H is over there and T is directly below it.
5 T and F are next to each other with T on the left and F on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 I is below W.
2 If M is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
3 H is to the right of O.
4 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
5 S presents left to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	left	1
1 M is sitting at the lower left position to H.
2 T and L are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
3 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
4 H and Y are both there with the object H is to the right of object Y.
5 Y is at the bottom of K.
6 P and H are both there with the object P is to the left of object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 S is below and to the left of H.
2 N is over there and A is on the top of it.
3 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
4 Z presents over M.
5 Z and Q are both there with the object Z above the object Q.
6 V is upper right to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 L presents upper right to S.
2 N is on the lower right of B.
3 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
4 F and B are horizontal and F is to the right of B.
5 X is upper right to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	right	1
1 Y and D are side by side with Y on the top and D at the bottom.
2 D is directly below N.
3 N and E are both there with the object N is to the left of object E.
4 If E is the center of a clock face, K is located between 2 and 3.
5 J is over there and A is on the left.
6 M and N are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the upper left of G.
2 S is south west of B.
3 N is lower left to F.
4 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
5 G is placed on the top of N.
6 U and Q are vertical and U is below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned up and to the right of Z.
2 F is at V’s 9 o'clock.
3 R is below Y.
4 L is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 The object Z and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
6 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
2 A is placed in the left direction of V.
3 F is above V.
4 O is to the right of A horizontally.
5 N is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 I is below J at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	left	1
1 H is positioned right to V.
2 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
4 U and H are side by side with U to the right and H to the left.
5 U is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 B presents upper left to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 P and E are next to each other with E at the bottom P on the top.
3 Q is over there with I below.
4 M is placed in the left direction of Y.
5 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	below	1
1 C is at V's 12 o'clock.
2 J and V are parallel, and J is on top of V.
3 W is at K's 12 o'clock.
4 A is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 C is positioned above and to the left of N.
6 W and C are side by side with W to the left and C to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	below	1
1 K presents left to M.
2 C is to the upper left of Z.
3 Q is directly above R.
4 Q is positioned below and to the right of C.
5 S is diagonally right and below G.
6 M is on the lower right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
3 K is positioned below U.
4 X and O are vertical and X is above O.
5 I is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 V is over there with E above.
2 N is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
3 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
4 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
5 Z is to the top of M vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, O is located between 10 and 11.
2 U is positioned above C and to the right.
3 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
4 G is over there and T is on the left of it.
5 J is below G.
6 F and J are both there with the object F is to the left of object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	left	1
1 A is on the left side of and below O.
2 Q is sitting at the upper right position to O.
3 I is above D at 2 o'clock.
4 I and Q are parallel, and I on the left of Q.
5 V is over there and A is on the left of it.
6 W is over there and P is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	left	1
1 I is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 V is positioned above S and to the left.
3 K is positioned above and to the left of O.
4 J and E are vertical and J is above E.
5 O is on the left side to I.
6 If D is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	left	1
1 Y is sitting in the right direction of T.
2 Q is placed in the right direction of K.
3 P is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 H is positioned above Q and to the right.
5 F is to the left of W horizontally.
6 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 P is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 A is at the bottom of N.
3 P is directly south west of M.
4 P is diagonally right and above N.
5 M is diagonally left and below T.
6 L is to the bottom left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned above Q and to the left.
2 M is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
3 H and Z are side by side with H to the left and Z to the right.
4 D is to the bottom-left of L.
5 L is sitting at the upper left position to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the right of S horizontally.
2 S is to the left of R.
3 G is at the bottom and S is on the top.
4 N is directly above G.
5 Y and Z are side by side with Y to the right and Z to the left.
6 F is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face F.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
2 Q and X are horizontal and Q is to the left of X.
3 X is positioned above T.
4 R and J are next to each other with R on the top and J at the bottom.
5 G is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 G is placed at the lower right of J.
2 J is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to X.
4 N is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 S and G are next to each other with G on the right and S on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 P and H are parallel, and H is below P.
2 E is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 V is below E and to the right of E.
4 O is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
5 F is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 X is below A at 4 o'clock.
2 I is on the same vertical plane directly above A.
3 B is on the right side and top of C.
4 J is to the top of F vertically.
5 J and I are next to each other with I at the bottom J on the top.
6 J is below Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	below	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 E and F are next to each other with E on the left and F on the right.
3 Z presents left to J.
4 C is placed in the left direction of B.
5 If Q is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 W is directly north east of I.
2 E and O are side by side with O at the bottom and E on the top.
3 O is below V.
4 H is sitting in the left direction of B.
5 I is upper left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	below	1
1 S is below X.
2 Q is above S at 10 o'clock.
3 X is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
4 W is on the top and A is at the bottom.
5 O presents over X.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 E and S are side by side with E to the right and S to the left.
3 W is positioned above X and to the right.
4 X is below and to the left of P.
5 C is at P's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	above	1
1 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object O.
3 O is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
4 S is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
5 O and X are side by side with O to the left and X to the right.
6 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 R is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
2 H is to the top-right of T.
3 R is placed at the lower left of V.
4 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object K.
5 T is directly north west of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	above	1
1 V and F are parallel, and V on the left of F.
2 F is below N at 7 o'clock.
3 P is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 I is below C at 7 o'clock.
5 The object O is positioned directly above the object V.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
2 B is at N’s 9 o'clock.
3 V is to the bottom-left of N.
4 I is directly south west of B.
5 V is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
6 N is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 P is above H and to the right of H.
2 The object X and A are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 Q is directly north west of P.
4 D is sitting in the left direction of X.
5 Q and A are in a vertical line with A below Q.
6 W and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and W on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 F is below and to the left of N.
2 A is south east of E.
3 Q is south east of N.
4 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
5 S is on the right and N is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	right	1
1 B is over there and C is on the top of it.
2 B is at H's 12 o'clock.
3 Z is over there with W below.
4 B is to the upper left of R.
5 If Y is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
6 B is north west of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 L and F are both there with the object L above the object F.
2 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
3 U is over there and Q is on the left of it.
4 Q is over there and Y is directly above it.
5 Q is diagonally to the upper right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
3 E and T are both there with the object T below the object E.
4 E and U are side by side with E to the right and U to the left.
5 S is on the left side and above R.
6 T is positioned down and to the left of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the bottom left of T.
2 R and W are parallel, and R on the right of W.
3 Q is on the left side to X.
4 P is over there and T is on the right of it.
5 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 F and X are next to each other with F on the left and X on the right.
2 K is below and to the left of L.
3 X is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
4 F is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 V is lower left to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	right	1
1 D is upper right to G.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
3 Y is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face Y.
4 If Y is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
5 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
6 U is to the right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 W is directly below H.
2 G is placed at the upper right of E.
3 W and A are parallel, and W on the left of A.
4 H is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 E and T are next to each other with T at the bottom E on the top.
6 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 R is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 G and Y are parallel, and G is under Y.
3 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
4 T and S are in a vertical line with S below T.
5 If B is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the right side and top of W.
2 E is above G with a small gap between them.
3 S is below W and to the left of W.
4 H is placed at the upper right of S.
5 F and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
6 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 P is south west of O.
2 M is to the top-left of Q.
3 M is north east of B.
4 V is over B.
5 B is to the bottom-right of C.
6 H presents lower left to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	right	1
1 W is sitting at the lower position to G.
2 W is directly above K.
3 P is positioned above W and to the right.
4 W is below S and to the right of S.
5 V is to the top right of C.
6 R is on the upper right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the upper right position to L.
2 H is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 S and Z are both there with the object S above the object Z.
4 H is over there and S is on the left.
5 B is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face B.
6 F is sitting at the top position to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	left	1
1 Z is placed on the top of R.
2 H is over there and O is on the left.
3 K is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
4 F and M are in a vertical line with F on top.
5 M is at R's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	above	1
1 R is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
2 T is positioned up and to the right of R.
3 Object T is below object E and to the right of it, too.
4 H is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
5 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the right side and below X.
2 X is directly south west of I.
3 P is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 N is directly south east of F.
5 U is on the lower right of L.
6 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	below	1
1 E presents upper right to O.
2 E is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 E presents left to I.
4 X is at the bottom and H is on the top.
5 O is on the right and G is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object A and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 N is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
3 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
4 A and Z are parallel, and A is to the left of Z.
5 M is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	right	1
1 L and N are both there with the object N below the object L.
2 R is above D at 2 o'clock.
3 U is positioned right to D.
4 Z presents left to D.
5 Z is to the upper left of P.
6 G is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 B presents upper right to X.
2 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 M is sitting in the left direction of S.
4 X is to the top-left of L.
5 G is to the right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 I is south west of N.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
3 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
4 Z and Q are in a vertical line with Z on top.
5 Q is to the bottom left of B.
6 Object Q is above object E and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Z is sitting in the left direction of N.
2 S is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Z is to the bottom right of A.
4 B is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
5 H and L are both there with the object H is to the right of object L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 H is south east of Z.
2 X and W are both there with the object W below the object X.
3 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
4 The object B is positioned directly above the object Z.
5 X is below H at 7 o'clock.
6 E is positioned below and to the right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned above T and to the right.
2 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 D is directly below F.
4 D is at V's 6 o'clock.
5 F presents over Y.
6 A is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	right	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 If B is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
3 V is over F.
4 M is sitting at the lower position to J.
5 F is above A and to the left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 B is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 I is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
3 R is to the bottom-right of Q.
4 X is above B at 2 o'clock.
5 L is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
6 I is over there and J is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the right side and top of U.
2 D is sitting in the right direction of F.
3 J is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 Z is over there and J is on the left of it.
5 J and M are vertical and J is above M.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Object Z is below object W and to the left of it, too.
2 A is positioned below and to the right of W.
3 C is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 A is under M.
5 G is below K at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 A is directly north east of D.
2 E is below D and to the right of D.
3 D is to the top-left of H.
4 Z is positioned down and to the left of J.
5 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
6 K is above T at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
3 Q is directly below C.
4 V is directly below Z.
5 N and R are both there with the object N is to the left of object R.
6 R and Z are parallel, and R on the left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	below	1
1 M is over there with G below.
2 D is below and to the right of A.
3 U is on the left side and above M.
4 D is to the left of M horizontally.
5 A is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
6 The object C is positioned directly below the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 A is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 G is over there and P is on the top of it.
3 D is placed at the lower left of A.
4 U is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 D is to the top-right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	right	1
1 E is positioned below N.
2 F is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 N is on the lower right of R.
4 M is over there and J is on the top of it.
5 T presents right to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	below	1
1 F is positioned above and to the left of P.
2 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
3 R is on the lower right of M.
4 M is over there and U is directly above it.
5 S is to the bottom-right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	below	1
1 U is placed at the lower right of T.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
3 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
4 R and G are next to each other with R on the top and G at the bottom.
5 T is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
6 T is above Q and to the right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is at the lower side of X.
2 S is at J’s 9 o'clock.
3 H is placed at the bottom of X.
4 A is on the lower right of D.
5 P is south east of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	above	1
1 Object T is below object J and to the right of it, too.
2 Q is placed at the upper right of B.
3 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Q.
4 D presents below W.
5 B is at T’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	below	1
1 F is positioned below and to the right of A.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
3 R is above and to the left of T.
4 R presents lower left to E.
5 D is to the top-left of W.
6 A is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Y is over there with U below.
2 Y presents upper left to B.
3 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object A.
4 The objects I and U are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
5 I presents below H.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
2 H is to the left of N horizontally.
3 Z and K are parallel, and Z on the right of K.
4 If X is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
5 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
6 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 E and F are in a vertical line with F below E.
2 E is to the top-left of A.
3 M and S are parallel, and M is to the right of S.
4 A is on the left side to M.
5 O and V are parallel, and O is on top of V.
6 U and M are vertical and U is above M.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object A.
2 H is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
3 O is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
4 C is to the upper left of O.
5 Z is north east of K.
6 Object C is below object A and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 J is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 R and J are side by side with R on the top and J at the bottom.
3 L is diagonally to the upper left of H.
4 A is positioned below X.
5 R is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
6 R is to the top of V vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	left	1
1 D is at the bottom of B.
2 Y and S are both there with the object Y is to the left of object S.
3 The objects M and B are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
4 D is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
5 M is below J and to the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 G is sitting at the upper left position to X.
2 X and W are both there with the object X is to the left of object W.
3 N is to the top right of K.
4 The object U is positioned directly below the object V.
5 G and N are vertical and G is below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	above	1
1 S and T are parallel, and S is on top of T.
2 C is to the top of T vertically.
3 C and X are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
4 C is positioned below Q.
5 S is below and to the right of P.
6 E presents over I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	above	1
1 I and J are side by side with I on the top and J at the bottom.
2 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
3 I is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 P is above M.
5 H and V are both there with the object V below the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 B is positioned below P.
3 B is below K.
4 Z is at S's 12 o'clock.
5 T is below B and to the right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
2 P is sitting at the lower left position to X.
3 Object F is above object M and to the left of it, too.
4 D and P are parallel, and D on the right of P.
5 P is over G.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The objects V and P are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 T is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 N is south east of X.
4 W is on the left side and above U.
5 W is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
6 V and X are next to each other with V on the top and X at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 G presents lower right to Q.
2 L is at the lower side of Q.
3 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
4 D is directly south west of G.
5 Q and K are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 L and B are in a vertical line with B below L.
2 U is below A and to the left of A.
3 U and W are side by side with U to the right and W to the left.
4 T is over there and W is directly below it.
5 S is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned in the top left corner of V.
2 X and N are next to each other with X on the left and N on the right.
3 Z and I are parallel, and Z on the right of I.
4 J and Z are parallel, and J is to the left of Z.
5 Object K is below object V and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	left	1
1 A presents over D.
2 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 T is positioned in the top left corner of D.
4 B is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 R is on the right side and top of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object F.
2 P presents right to Z.
3 Z is to the left of J.
4 The objects F and P are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
5 K is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	right	1
1 B is below C at 4 o'clock.
2 W and V are next to each other with V on the right and W on the left.
3 U is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
4 L is north west of U.
5 L is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
6 R is to the bottom-left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	above	1
1 S is placed in the left direction of G.
2 S and D are next to each other with D on the right and S on the left.
3 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
4 Z is to the upper left of P.
5 A is placed at the lower left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object T and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 O is to the top of E vertically.
3 C presents below J.
4 T is diagonally to the upper left of B.
5 V is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 H and P are both there with the object P below the object H.
2 E is below Y and to the right of Y.
3 Z is diagonally right and above P.
4 R is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
5 E and P are parallel, and E on the left of P.
6 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object F.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Object W is above object N and to the left of it, too.
2 M is to the bottom left of U.
3 U is diagonally left and below N.
4 N is diagonally left and above N.
5 X is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is placed in the left direction of Z.
2 P is at F's 6 o'clock.
3 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
4 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
5 Q is above and to the right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	above	1
1 Object N is below object A and to the left of it, too.
2 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
3 U and G are parallel, and U is on top of G.
4 X and Z are parallel, and X is under Z.
5 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
6 If G is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there and L is directly below it.
2 V and D are parallel, and V is on top of D.
3 L is on top of E.
4 Y and O are side by side with Y to the right and O to the left.
5 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 X is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 M is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
5 If Z is the center of a clock face, N is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	right	1
1 G and V are side by side with V at the bottom and G on the top.
2 J is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 O is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
4 E is positioned above N.
5 O is diagonally left and above O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 C is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
2 U is sitting at the lower right position to E.
3 E is positioned above R and to the left.
4 F is placed in the left direction of U.
5 A is sitting at the top position to K.
6 U is on the lower left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 X is over there and G is on the right.
2 The objects R and G are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 D is on the top and X is at the bottom.
4 E is diagonally to the upper right of C.
5 D and K are in a vertical line with D on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	left	1
1 S is on the right side to M.
2 M is to the bottom-left of P.
3 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
4 R is diagonally right and below K.
5 W is to the bottom-left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 F is on the right side to L.
3 X is directly north west of J.
4 J is above and to the left of F.
5 V is at W's 12 o'clock.
6 F and W are parallel, and F on the right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 M is on the right and H is on the left.
3 O and R are parallel, and R is below O.
4 If R is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
5 R is sitting at the upper left position to X.
6 Y is positioned below D and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 E presents right to N.
2 A and Z are both there with the object Z below the object A.
3 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object A.
4 Z is on the left side of and below V.
5 Z is directly north east of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 M is directly above K.
2 A is positioned in the front right corner of T.
3 The object L and Y are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
4 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
5 E and Y are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 Q is to the right of H.
2 A is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
3 Q is over there and C is directly above it.
4 X is on the left side and above C.
5 P is over there and C is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the left side to B.
2 P and X are parallel, and P on the left of X.
3 If F is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
4 The objects G and W are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
5 P is below G and to the left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object P.
2 M is directly north east of Q.
3 D is above O at 10 o'clock.
4 R and D are both there with the object D below the object R.
5 D and E are both there with the object D above the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	left	1
1 Y is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 D and P are parallel, and D on the right of P.
3 U and L are both there with the object U is to the left of object L.
4 L is positioned above K and to the left.
5 L is over there with Q below.
6 L is placed on the top of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	right	1
1 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
2 P is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
3 If Z is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
4 M is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
5 P is below W with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	below	1
1 B is on the top side to X.
2 X is to the bottom-left of J.
3 A is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 T is under X.
5 S is at F’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned right to B.
2 M is on the left side to N.
3 K is placed at the upper left of T.
4 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
5 A is below D.
6 Z presents upper left to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object K is positioned directly above the object B.
2 Y is to the left of H.
3 E is over there and T is directly above it.
4 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
5 I is over there and Y is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the left of L horizontally.
2 The object E is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
3 E is above P at 2 o'clock.
4 T and W are horizontal and T is to the right of W.
5 H is on the left side and above E.
6 Object L is below object N and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	right	1
1 V is to the top-right of A.
2 M is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
3 I is positioned in the front right corner of M.
4 K is at the bottom and U is on the top.
5 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
6 K and R are in a vertical line with K on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 D is below Y and to the left of Y.
2 R is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 W and D are side by side with W to the left and D to the right.
4 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
5 S is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 V and G are side by side with V to the right and G to the left.
2 X is at the lower side of P.
3 The objects N and H are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
4 P is on the right side and top of H.
5 Z is positioned in the top left corner of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the left and X is on the right.
2 Z is north east of T.
3 Object H is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
4 Z and H are parallel, and Z on the left of H.
5 W is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
2 U is on the lower left of T.
3 J presents upper right to Q.
4 K is sitting at the upper right position to U.
5 V presents below T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Object O is below object F and to the right of it, too.
2 F and G are in a vertical line with F on top.
3 R is over there and D is on the right.
4 Q is at the bottom of P.
5 P is at G's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	left	1
1 M is positioned right to T.
2 E is at G’s 9 o'clock.
3 S and T are next to each other with T on the right and S on the left.
4 S is directly north east of L.
5 I and X are parallel, and I on the right of X.
6 T is positioned up and to the right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	above	1
1 Z is positioned in the front right corner of T.
2 Z and N are parallel, and Z is over N.
3 J is on the right and T is on the left.
4 P is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
5 D and O are side by side with D on the top and O at the bottom.
6 P is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the top right of D.
2 H is lower right of X.
3 P is lower left to Q.
4 Z is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 D is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 X is above and to the right of O.
2 S is on the left side of and below R.
3 Y is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 Y is sitting at the lower left position to U.
5 M is below and to the right of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 L and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 U is diagonally left and above U.
3 U is below and to the right of N.
4 N is on the right side and top of C.
5 G is at Z's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	left	1
1 X is below G.
2 X is placed at the lower left of J.
3 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
4 E and N are side by side with E to the right and N to the left.
5 W is placed at the bottom of J.
6 K is to the top of J vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	right	1
1 G and K are both there with the object K below the object G.
2 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
3 S is placed in the right direction of Y.
4 S is to the top-right of I.
5 Q is positioned below and to the right of N.
6 Object S is above object M and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
2 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
3 G is on top of Y.
4 G is diagonally left and above G.
5 S is placed at the lower right of T.
6 M presents right to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned above O.
2 U and N are next to each other with U on the left and N on the right.
3 W is to the top right of R.
4 R presents right to O.
5 K is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face K.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	left	1
1 O is sitting at the top position to D.
2 I is to the left of C horizontally.
3 C is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
4 Q is positioned below H.
5 I is at the bottom and O is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	right	1
1 U is placed on the top of J.
2 D is above Z at 2 o'clock.
3 Y and I are parallel, and Y is under I.
4 I is directly above A.
5 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
2 Z and S are horizontal and Z is to the left of S.
3 Q is on top of M.
4 C is positioned below and to the right of Q.
5 E and M are parallel, and E is under M.
6 E and B are side by side with E on the top and B at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	above	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of B.
2 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
3 V is sitting at the lower right position to C.
4 S is over there and U is on the top of it.
5 V and S are parallel, and V is to the left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	below	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
2 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object K.
3 Z is at the bottom and P is on the top.
4 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
5 C is on the left side to K.
6 H is diagonally right and below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	left	1
1 J and V are horizontal and J is to the left of V.
2 V is positioned above and to the left of M.
3 M is at I's 3 o'clock.
4 A is on the same vertical plane directly above Q.
5 X presents upper left to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
2 N is below Y with a small gap between them.
3 U is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
4 If Q is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
5 N is over there with K below.
6 M and W are vertical and M is below W.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 F is directly south west of X.
2 F is to the right of D horizontally.
3 A is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
4 N is to the left of D horizontally.
5 H and W are parallel, and H is under W.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 J and F are parallel, and J on the right of F.
2 F is diagonally to the upper right of P.
3 A is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
4 O is on the lower right of C.
5 If P is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 K presents lower right to W.
2 F is over there with C above.
3 R is above W and to the left of W.
4 W is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
5 If M is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
6 K is diagonally left and below T.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned above K.
2 G and E are horizontal and G is to the right of E.
3 E is lower right of X.
4 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
5 Q is directly north west of P.
6 M is on the right side to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 I is at E’s 9 o'clock.
2 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
3 U is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
4 The objects U and N are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
5 U is positioned above K.
6 L is under E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	above	1
1 J is positioned below X.
2 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
3 E is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 Y is diagonally right and below A.
5 C and G are next to each other with G on the right and C on the left.
6 V is at Y's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	right	1
1 O presents lower left to I.
2 X is placed on the top of I.
3 O is positioned in the top left corner of L.
4 A is on the right and I is on the left.
5 P is on the top and X is at the bottom.
6 E is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 O is placed at the lower left of P.
2 P is sitting in the left direction of E.
3 M is sitting in the right direction of J.
4 V and J are both there with the object V above the object J.
5 D is sitting at the upper left position to X.
6 The objects P and M are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	left	1
1 Z is below X and to the right of X.
2 L is sitting at the lower right position to J.
3 If E is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
4 Z is diagonally right and above C.
5 D is diagonally to the upper left of K.
6 X is at E's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	above	1
1 F is below U with a small gap between them.
2 S is at the bottom of J.
3 C is positioned above S and to the left.
4 K is placed at the upper right of J.
5 D is on the upper right of J.
6 J is sitting at the lower position to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	below	1
1 S is positioned below J and to the left.
2 The object N is positioned directly above the object W.
3 D and E are side by side with D to the right and E to the left.
4 X is to the upper left of W.
5 X is north west of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q and P are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 I is positioned below R and to the right.
3 T is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
4 U and I are parallel, and U is over I.
5 B is lower left to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	below	1
1 A is below T with a small gap between them.
2 D and Z are parallel, and Z is below D.
3 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
4 Object Z is below object A and to the left of it, too.
5 C is to the bottom right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting in the right direction of G.
2 H is over there with R above.
3 Z is to the bottom-right of V.
4 A is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
5 A is on the left and J is on the right.
6 If Z is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 T is positioned below Y.
3 N is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 N is at the bottom and U is on the top.
5 G is placed at the bottom of V.
6 R and N are parallel, and R is to the left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 Z and H are both there with the object Z is to the left of object H.
3 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
4 F and Q are both there with the object F is to the left of object Q.
5 H is to the upper left of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the right of F.
2 R is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
4 F and Q are horizontal and F is to the left of Q.
5 W is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 L is over there and O is on the right.
2 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 D and T are in a vertical line with D on top.
4 The object J is positioned above and to the left of object N.
5 F is sitting in the left direction of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 O is at the bottom of P vertically.
2 O and W are parallel, and O is over W.
3 N and W are parallel, and N is to the left of W.
4 T is below D and to the right of D.
5 P is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 V is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	above	1
1 P is north east of F.
2 N is to the bottom left of O.
3 F is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 S and C are parallel, and S on the right of C.
5 I is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	above	1
1 U is directly above Z.
2 Z is placed in the left direction of W.
3 U is at E's 3 o'clock.
4 Object V is below object R and to the left of it, too.
5 Z is above L at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 B presents upper right to C.
3 S is directly south west of A.
4 K presents over E.
5 A is placed at the upper left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	left	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
3 S is above I and to the right of I.
4 J is positioned left to S.
5 N is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 I and P are next to each other with I on the left and P on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	below	1
1 Q is to the right of I.
2 J is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face J.
3 N and U are side by side with N to the right and U to the left.
4 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
5 M is on the left side to Y.
6 I is diagonally to the upper right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned above and to the left of A.
2 C is positioned below F and to the left.
3 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
4 M is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 M is on the left side and above Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 F is above C at 2 o'clock.
2 L is sitting at the lower position to G.
3 S is positioned below and to the right of Z.
4 Z is on the right and L is on the left.
5 H is at B’s 9 o'clock.
6 S is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and R is on the top of it.
2 S is diagonally right and above B.
3 L is positioned above Y and to the right.
4 S and L are in a vertical line with S on top.
5 X is sitting at the upper right position to L.
6 N and G are horizontal and N is to the right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	left	1
1 M presents left to A.
2 R and B are side by side with R to the left and B to the right.
3 A and D are parallel, and A is to the right of D.
4 A is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 J is to the bottom-right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	below	1
1 Q is at the bottom of K vertically.
2 O and I are parallel, and I is below O.
3 W and J are next to each other with J on the right and W on the left.
4 I is sitting at the lower position to W.
5 If H is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
6 H is to the top of V vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	below	1
1 H is above and to the left of L.
2 T is positioned down and to the left of V.
3 L is over there and E is on the top of it.
4 Q is south west of C.
5 Q presents upper left to E.
6 M presents upper left to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 G is sitting at the lower position to T.
2 V is positioned below T and to the left.
3 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
4 D is on the right side and top of X.
5 K is sitting in the left direction of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
2 N is below I and to the right of I.
3 I and E are side by side with E at the bottom and I on the top.
4 N is directly above W.
5 E is directly north west of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 N is lower left to X.
2 Object P is below object L and to the left of it, too.
3 U is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 L is to the upper left of Z.
5 N is on the left side to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	below	1
1 A is north west of U.
2 W is sitting at the lower left position to L.
3 The object R and T are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
4 T is on the lower left of U.
5 B is diagonally to the upper right of T.
6 R is diagonally left and above R.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 F is south west of Y.
2 T is placed at the upper right of U.
3 F and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
4 X is sitting at the lower position to K.
5 K is positioned below S.
6 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	above	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
2 A is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 H is directly north east of U.
4 Y is diagonally to the upper right of J.
5 K is positioned below E and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	above	1
1 B is positioned below and to the right of X.
2 A is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
3 The object P and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object P.
4 F is at V's 12 o'clock.
5 F is on the lower right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 D is positioned below Q and to the right.
2 R is below and to the right of N.
3 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
4 P and D are both there with the object D below the object P.
5 Z is on the left side to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the right of B horizontally.
2 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 The object X is positioned directly above the object Y.
4 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to Y.
5 U and Y are parallel, and U is to the left of Y.
6 Object W is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	below	1
1 U is below V with a small gap between them.
2 H is directly south east of D.
3 H is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
4 The object D is positioned directly above the object W.
5 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
6 W is placed at the bottom of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	above	1
1 T is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to L.
3 W is upper left of F.
4 Z presents right to H.
5 T is diagonally right and below Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	above	1
1 G presents below Z.
2 N is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 S is on the left side and above G.
4 W and B are parallel, and W is under B.
5 O is positioned below G and to the right.
6 E is to the bottom-right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Z and S are vertical and Z is above S.
2 M and D are parallel, and M on the right of D.
3 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
4 K is placed at the upper left of S.
5 Y presents left to Z.
6 J and I are side by side with I at the bottom and J on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	below	1
1 H is on the left side and above E.
2 V and D are next to each other with D on the right and V on the left.
3 Y is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 E is directly north east of D.
5 U is sitting at the lower position to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	below	1
1 J and T are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
2 Z is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 J and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
4 V is diagonally right and above T.
5 X is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
6 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the left side to C.
2 P is on the right and J is on the left.
3 R is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
4 I is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 J is positioned in the top left corner of R.
6 Object J is below object I and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned above Y.
2 C is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 O is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
4 Z and V are horizontal and Z is to the left of V.
5 P is under Z.
6 Q is over there and Z is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 Z is placed at the bottom of A.
2 G is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
3 G and E are next to each other with E at the bottom G on the top.
4 V is diagonally to the bottom right of Y.
5 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	right	1
1 R and X are next to each other with R on the left and X on the right.
2 P is directly south east of C.
3 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
4 H is over there and Y is directly below it.
5 X is below M and to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	left	1
1 The objects W and Z are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 T is to the bottom left of G.
3 R and D are next to each other with R on the left and D on the right.
4 J is sitting at the top position to Z.
5 If U is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
6 D is placed in the left direction of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	right	1
1 M is to the right of G.
2 P is positioned below and to the right of M.
3 Y is on the left side and above G.
4 M and K are both there with the object M above the object K.
5 P is above W and to the right of W.
6 E is above and to the right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	below	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly above A.
2 M is lower left to A.
3 N is diagonally right and above G.
4 E presents lower right to A.
5 O is above H and to the left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is above and to the left of D.
2 Q is sitting in the right direction of I.
3 S is lower right of Q.
4 R is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
5 O and H are parallel, and O is on top of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object L and P are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 Object L is above object T and to the left of it, too.
3 E is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 U is positioned below L and to the right.
5 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
6 P is positioned above O and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally right and below L.
2 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 W is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
4 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object W.
5 B is lower right of Q.
6 Q is lower left to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 H is placed at the lower left of W.
2 A and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
3 W and P are vertical and W is below P.
4 I presents upper right to J.
5 H and J are parallel, and H is on top of J.
6 H and O are vertical and H is below O.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 F and Y are next to each other with F on the left and Y on the right.
3 H is diagonally right and above B.
4 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
5 E is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned below L and to the right.
2 G is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Y presents upper left to K.
4 N is placed at the upper right of X.
5 G is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 F is on the left side and above X.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 J is at the bottom and E is on the top.
2 S is positioned below C.
3 S is over there and E is on the right.
4 X is diagonally above G to the right at a 45 degree.
5 D is on the top side to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the left side and above A.
2 J presents lower left to D.
3 H is on the right side and below D.
4 G is positioned below and to the right of J.
5 H is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 H is at the bottom of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	right	1
1 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
2 O is on the left and G is on the right.
3 C is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
4 E is at the bottom and O is on the top.
5 T is positioned right to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	above	1
1 A is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
2 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
3 S is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
4 L is diagonally right and above F.
5 The object E is upper and slightly to the right of the object V.
6 Y is over there and S is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
2 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
3 L is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face L.
4 I is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 J is placed at the upper right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	below	1
1 D is above R at 10 o'clock.
2 T is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
3 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
4 D is at the bottom of Q.
5 N is positioned left to R.
6 B is positioned above X and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Object D is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 L is below and to the left of J.
3 D is to the top right of G.
4 Q is sitting in the right direction of G.
5 H is below and to the left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object S.
2 The object W and Z are there. The object Z is above and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 E is to the right of Q.
4 T is at the lower side of Z.
5 S is above F at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	right	1
1 S is under N.
2 Z is to the bottom-left of M.
3 Y and W are in a vertical line with W below Y.
4 Y is placed at the upper left of Z.
5 L is to the bottom left of Z.
6 L is to the bottom-left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the bottom-left of U.
2 If M is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
3 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object Q.
4 V is above Y and to the left of Y.
5 A is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 A is to the bottom left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 X and A are next to each other with X on the top and A at the bottom.
3 If I is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
4 P is to the upper left of M.
5 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The objects P and L are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 Z is above K at 2 o'clock.
3 Z is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 J is below and to the left of L.
5 S is on the lower right of O.
6 K is directly above D.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned above Y and to the left.
2 L and A are next to each other with L on the top and A at the bottom.
3 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
4 N is placed at the upper left of Y.
5 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
6 B is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
2 L is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 F is over there and Z is on the top of it.
4 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
5 G and F are parallel, and G is to the right of F.
6 W is sitting at the upper right position to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	above	1
1 T and Q are horizontal and T is to the left of Q.
2 L presents upper right to H.
3 F and L are both there with the object F is to the left of object L.
4 I is at K’s 9 o'clock.
5 Object U is below object I and to the right of it, too.
6 U is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	right	1
1 S is positioned up and to the right of F.
2 If W is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
3 F is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 F is to the left of R horizontally.
5 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
6 V is positioned above Y and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the bottom-left of N.
2 N is sitting at the upper right position to R.
3 Z is north west of O.
4 N presents lower right to V.
5 D is to the bottom-left of X.
6 N is diagonally left and below D.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting in the right direction of Z.
2 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object F.
3 V is sitting at the lower right position to R.
4 W presents over Y.
5 N is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	right	1
1 P and U are parallel, and P is to the left of U.
2 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
3 X and E are parallel, and E is below X.
4 L and E are horizontal and L is to the left of E.
5 S is south west of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
2 The object F is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 F is on the lower right of M.
4 F is on the left side of and below B.
5 Z and W are parallel, and Z on the left of W.
6 X is placed at the upper right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	above	1
1 Q is to the bottom right of A.
2 Object W is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 O is to the bottom right of C.
4 Y and W are both there with the object Y above the object W.
5 Y is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the right side to J.
2 J is above D and to the left of D.
3 The object D is positioned above and to the left of object N.
4 A is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
5 M and V are both there with the object M is to the right of object V.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 O is on the top and T is at the bottom.
3 T and G are side by side with T to the right and G to the left.
4 W is under T.
5 C is over there and G is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	right	1
1 N and D are next to each other with N on the left and D on the right.
2 If U is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
3 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
4 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
5 V and E are vertical and V is below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 V is positioned below and to the right of X.
2 M is lower right of Q.
3 A is positioned above J and to the right.
4 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
5 M is at the bottom of F vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S is directly north east of Y.
2 J is over there with S below.
3 J presents upper right to F.
4 E is sitting at the top position to N.
5 B is on the left side to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Z is above and to the right of X.
2 B is placed in the left direction of Q.
3 M is positioned above S and to the left.
4 Z is directly south west of S.
5 O is diagonally left and below X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is positioned directly above the object I.
2 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
3 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
4 N and W are parallel, and N is under W.
5 W is below and to the right of S.
6 W is above P and to the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned above C and to the left.
2 N is on the right side and top of U.
3 L and G are parallel, and L on the right of G.
4 J is positioned above C and to the right.
5 N and M are side by side with N to the left and M to the right.
6 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the lower left of K.
2 T is at K's 12 o'clock.
3 J is on the upper right of I.
4 B is on the top side to K.
5 K presents over I.
6 D and U are in a horizontal line with U on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	right	1
1 E is at R's 12 o'clock.
2 Object A is below object E and to the left of it, too.
3 X is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 E is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 L is to the left of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 E is over there with T below.
2 T is positioned below Q and to the right.
3 W presents lower left to E.
4 E is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
5 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	right	1
1 G is positioned below A and to the right.
2 I is diagonally left and above I.
3 U and R are in a vertical line with U on top.
4 G is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
5 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 A and M are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
2 O is to the top-right of I.
3 O is below R.
4 If J is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
5 N is sitting at the upper right position to O.
6 A and I are parallel, and A is over I.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	left	1
1 The objects L and Z are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
3 T is directly north east of J.
4 A and J are both there with the object J below the object A.
5 G is directly above A.
6 E is over there and A is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the bottom-left of F.
2 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
3 S is diagonally right and above T.
4 If Q is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
5 Y is below and to the right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
2 The objects A and G are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 R is positioned above T and to the right.
4 X is directly north east of R.
5 T is south west of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 U is upper right to H.
2 R is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
3 U is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
4 M is below N and to the left of N.
5 H is positioned down and to the left of I.
6 U is diagonally to the upper right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 Y is above and to the right of Z.
3 B and F are in a horizontal line with F on the right.
4 F is sitting at the top position to I.
5 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
6 O is above Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	above	1
1 R is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 The object W and A are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 Z is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Z presents below R.
5 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
2 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to E.
3 T presents over E.
4 V is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
5 V is to the bottom-left of P.
6 The object K and F are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	right	1
1 F is south east of J.
2 S is to the upper left of N.
3 X is positioned right to C.
4 R is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 F is lower right of P.
6 J is over there and C is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 U is positioned up and to the right of S.
2 E is positioned left to W.
3 I and R are horizontal and I is to the right of R.
4 U and E are parallel, and U is to the right of E.
5 U is over there and Y is directly below it.
6 E is above L at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	left	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of Z.
2 W is below Y with a small gap between them.
3 W presents right to S.
4 X is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 S and B are horizontal and S is to the left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	left	1
1 C is north west of Z.
2 C is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Object L is below object W and to the right of it, too.
4 Z is below B.
5 O is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	right	1
1 S is to the bottom right of Y.
2 C is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
3 If N is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 7 and 8.
4 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
5 M is at A's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Q is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 E is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
3 F is above M.
4 V presents lower right to J.
5 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
6 U and B are parallel, and B is below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	left	1
1 H is on the top and E is at the bottom.
2 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 O presents upper left to H.
4 D is over there with R above.
5 Q is placed at the bottom of J.
6 Q is directly south east of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 I is lower right of H.
2 I is sitting at the lower left position to C.
3 D is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
4 G is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
5 Q and H are parallel, and H is below Q.
6 G is to the left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	above	1
1 Q is to the top of F vertically.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
3 K is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
4 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
5 U is over there and K is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
2 Z is directly south east of X.
3 Object U is below object X and to the right of it, too.
4 X is to the right of Q horizontally.
5 The object D is positioned directly below the object A.
6 The object Q and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	below	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 10 and 11.
2 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 K is placed at the bottom of G.
4 E is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
5 J and O are side by side with J on the top and O at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	above	1
1 E is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
2 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
3 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
4 K is to the bottom left of F.
5 C is below F and to the left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The objects Q and J are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 Z is below G.
3 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
4 S is over there and Q is directly above it.
5 S is on the top and V is at the bottom.
6 E is to the top-right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
2 Z is over there and L is directly below it.
3 Z is at the lower side of A.
4 A is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
5 U is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 D is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
2 D is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
3 S is to the bottom-left of L.
4 H is at the lower side of U.
5 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 Y is above and to the right of T.
2 O is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 C is placed on the top of N.
4 C is to the top-left of Y.
5 E is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 U and C are parallel, and U is on top of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 X is over there and M is on the right.
2 M is at the lower side of G.
3 R is diagonally right and below G.
4 Q is over there and X is directly above it.
5 V and Y are both there with the object V is to the right of object Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	below	1
1 M is above and to the right of O.
2 J is at M's 12 o'clock.
3 Q is to the top right of A.
4 M is on the same vertical plane directly above A.
5 L is sitting at the lower right position to A.
6 I is upper left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	right	1
1 K is lower left to A.
2 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
3 F is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
4 J is on the upper right of K.
5 L is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 W and B are next to each other with B at the bottom W on the top.
2 W is over O.
3 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
4 U is above W.
5 C is directly south west of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 X is over there and Q is on the left of it.
2 X is to the top of L vertically.
3 L is above O at 2 o'clock.
4 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
5 M is on the right side and below L.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T is below W.
2 Y is over there and T is on the right of it.
3 P is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
4 The object E is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
5 Y is on the lower right of N.
6 V is diagonally to the upper right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 P presents right to S.
2 E is to the right of S horizontally.
3 P is north west of Q.
4 J is north east of Q.
5 T is placed at the lower left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	left	1
1 I is positioned right to Z.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 G is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
4 L is at the lower side of X.
5 Y presents lower right to D.
6 G is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 F is over there and I is on the top of it.
2 B is to the upper left of U.
3 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
4 U presents below M.
5 J is above and to the left of I.
6 L is north west of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	below	1
1 B presents right to C.
2 S and T are parallel, and S is over T.
3 T is to the right of U.
4 G and M are side by side with G to the right and M to the left.
5 K is over there with U above.
6 B is positioned in the top left corner of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	right	1
1 V is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 G is at X's 12 o'clock.
3 V is on the left side and above W.
4 M is to the bottom-left of V.
5 Z is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	above	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of L.
2 The object B and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 U is over there and C is directly above it.
4 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object E.
5 E and M are parallel, and E on the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned left to U.
2 C and B are parallel, and C is to the left of B.
3 C is directly above L.
4 E is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object U.
2 I is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
3 W is positioned right to I.
4 I is below B at 4 o'clock.
5 X is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	left	1
1 U and I are next to each other with I on the right and U on the left.
2 L is on the right and A is on the left.
3 X presents left to O.
4 X is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
5 O is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	left	1
1 F is over D.
2 O is on the right and M is on the left.
3 U is on the top and D is at the bottom.
4 F is positioned above and to the left of V.
5 E and F are horizontal and E is to the right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	above	1
1 V is positioned in the front right corner of S.
2 B is positioned below and to the right of I.
3 H is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 P is placed in the right direction of H.
5 S is to the bottom left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	right	1
1 Object E is below object H and to the right of it, too.
2 C is below and to the right of K.
3 C is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
5 W is to the top-left of Q.
6 H presents upper right to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the left and S is on the right.
2 Q is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
3 L presents over Q.
4 Q is over there with Y below.
5 Object H is above object L and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is below and to the left of E.
2 E is over there with G below.
3 M is above Y at 10 o'clock.
4 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object W.
5 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	below	1
1 Z and D are both there with the object Z is to the right of object D.
2 S and E are parallel, and S is on top of E.
3 Z is at M's 12 o'clock.
4 The object S is positioned directly below the object M.
5 C and B are parallel, and C on the left of B.
6 Z is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	below	1
1 K and G are parallel, and K is to the right of G.
2 E is positioned right to F.
3 W is to the left of G horizontally.
4 P is positioned right to G.
5 P is south west of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	left	1
1 G is over there and E is on the left.
2 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 Object V is below object R and to the left of it, too.
4 The objects D and L are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
5 V and H are vertical and V is above H.
6 V is below and to the right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	below	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 S is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
3 K is at S's 12 o'clock.
4 P is positioned below U.
5 Z is diagonally to the upper right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
2 W is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 H is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 The object B is positioned directly above the object D.
5 The objects H and W are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
6 R is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is placed in the left direction of E.
2 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
3 D and E are horizontal and D is to the left of E.
4 V is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
5 C is positioned in the front right corner of D.
6 E is to the bottom right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
2 G is positioned up and to the right of V.
3 X is above I with a small gap between them.
4 T is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
5 K is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 V is diagonally left and above V.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
2 O is over there and U is on the left.
3 P is placed at the lower left of J.
4 O is on the left side and above K.
5 I and K are horizontal and I is to the right of K.
6 P is positioned above U.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object H and Z are there. The object Z is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 Q is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
4 K is upper right to Z.
5 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the bottom left of U.
2 X is directly south east of U.
3 R is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 The object M is positioned directly above the object R.
5 R is above W and to the left of W.
6 S presents left to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	right	1
1 I is positioned above G and to the left.
2 K is on the right and U is on the left.
3 R is to the right of G horizontally.
4 J is above R.
5 W is to the upper left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	right	1
1 L presents lower left to D.
2 L and A are side by side with L to the left and A to the right.
3 C is on the top side to L.
4 E is over there and W is on the right of it.
5 G is positioned above D and to the left.
6 C is diagonally right and above S.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	above	1
1 K and Y are vertical and K is below Y.
2 M and R are parallel, and M on the left of R.
3 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
4 U is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
5 K is over there and D is on the right.
6 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 R is above M and to the right of M.
2 I is at the lower side of C.
3 P and R are horizontal and P is to the left of R.
4 Object Y is above object U and to the left of it, too.
5 M is placed in the left direction of I.
6 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 O is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
3 P is over there and I is on the right of it.
4 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
5 T is on the right side to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	below	1
1 X is on the right side and below L.
2 M and V are both there with the object M is to the left of object V.
3 M is below Y and to the right of Y.
4 O is to the bottom-right of M.
5 Y and T are horizontal and Y is to the right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the top and D is at the bottom.
2 U is above and to the left of S.
3 S is positioned down and to the left of N.
4 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object A.
5 The objects O and N are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
6 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 P and W are next to each other with W at the bottom P on the top.
2 Object U is below object K and to the right of it, too.
3 E is sitting at the lower left position to F.
4 L is to the top-left of U.
5 P is directly below K.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 O and N are side by side with O to the left and N to the right.
2 O and Y are parallel, and O is on top of Y.
3 M presents right to N.
4 V is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
5 X is to the left of S horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	right	1
1 I is on the top and A is at the bottom.
2 I is over there and O is on the right of it.
3 I is directly below P.
4 L is sitting in the left direction of U.
5 O is lower right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	right	1
1 R is over there and T is on the left of it.
2 X is over there and M is on the right of it.
3 K is diagonally to the upper right of T.
4 R and H are both there with the object R above the object H.
5 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom right of Y.
2 Z is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
3 If K is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
4 J is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 L and K are both there with the object L is to the left of object K.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	right	1
1 C is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 D is over there and P is directly below it.
3 I is placed in the left direction of Y.
4 If P is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
5 L is placed in the right direction of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 B is directly south east of R.
2 U is at J’s 9 o'clock.
3 R is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 The objects R and J are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
5 Y is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
6 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	above	1
1 R is over there with U below.
2 J is on the left side to Z.
3 S and D are parallel, and S is to the right of D.
4 W is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
5 J is below D at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	right	1
1 Q is to the left of J horizontally.
2 M is diagonally above Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
4 B and L are vertical and B is above L.
5 M is diagonally to the upper left of P.
6 M is on the left side to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting in the right direction of C.
2 G is on the right and P is on the left.
3 Object Y is below object C and to the left of it, too.
4 Y and H are parallel, and Y on the left of H.
5 Object X is above object I and to the left of it, too.
6 Y is at the bottom of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
2 E is on the lower left of N.
3 A is below W at 7 o'clock.
4 V is placed at the upper right of B.
5 A is below N with a small gap between them.
6 A is placed at the lower left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	below	1
1 Y is over there and D is directly above it.
2 T is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Y is to the bottom left of T.
4 H is below M with a small gap between them.
5 K is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 D is placed in the right direction of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	right	1
1 U is placed on the top of S.
2 S and A are parallel, and S is to the left of A.
3 Z is below B with a small gap between them.
4 D is positioned below N and to the left.
5 B is sitting at the lower position to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	below	1
1 K is below G and to the right of G.
2 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
3 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
4 O is directly south west of K.
5 S is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 G and E are parallel, and G is to the left of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	below	1
1 X is sitting at the lower position to Y.
2 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 B and W are both there with the object B is to the right of object W.
4 N is north west of H.
5 W is on the lower right of X.
6 K is to the top right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 B is positioned below and to the right of H.
2 R and A are parallel, and R on the left of A.
3 K is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
5 B presents lower left to E.
6 X and G are next to each other with X on the top and G at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally below K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
3 J is over there and F is on the right of it.
4 X presents upper right to C.
5 F is positioned in the lower left corner of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of V vertically.
2 Q is sitting at the lower position to C.
3 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
4 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
5 N is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
6 N is placed at the lower left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 O is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
3 O is positioned down and to the left of Z.
4 P is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
5 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly below the object U.
2 R presents left to H.
3 H is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
4 J is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
5 R is above and to the left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	below	1
1 T is to the upper left of O.
2 A is below O and to the left of O.
3 The objects P and X are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
4 G is positioned above T and to the left.
5 J is sitting at the upper right position to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	above	1
1 T and L are both there with the object T is to the left of object L.
2 X is below P at 7 o'clock.
3 V is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 T is at the bottom and R is on the top.
5 Y is positioned above I.
6 Y is placed in the right direction of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Object T is below object V and to the left of it, too.
2 Z is on the right side and below V.
3 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
4 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object L.
5 N and M are parallel, and N is to the left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the bottom-right of H.
2 H is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 V is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 U and P are both there with the object U above the object P.
5 L is positioned down and to the left of F.
6 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 K and W are side by side with K to the right and W to the left.
2 P is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 J is sitting in the left direction of P.
4 Z is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
5 K is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Y is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
2 S is to the bottom-right of W.
3 N is on the right side and below Y.
4 B is placed at the upper left of N.
5 B is to the right of C horizontally.
6 R is diagonally to the upper left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 F is below L at 7 o'clock.
2 I is at the lower side of T.
3 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
4 The objects M and F are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
5 Z is placed at the bottom of B.
6 F presents upper left to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 B is sitting at the lower position to Z.
3 F and X are next to each other with F on the top and X at the bottom.
4 H and L are next to each other with H on the left and L on the right.
5 Y is to the top right of X.
6 W and F are side by side with F at the bottom and W on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	left	1
1 X is to the right of W.
2 A is placed at the lower right of W.
3 H and W are parallel, and W is below H.
4 W is placed at the upper right of K.
5 X is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 S is diagonally right and below I.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	right	1
1 E is positioned above V.
2 The object B and V are there. The object V is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 L is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
4 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
5 P is placed at the upper left of L.
6 H and W are both there with the object H is to the left of object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	above	1
1 G is at I’s 9 o'clock.
2 E and J are horizontal and E is to the left of J.
3 I and R are next to each other with R at the bottom I on the top.
4 K is on the right side and below J.
5 I is sitting at the lower position to E.
6 C is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned right to F.
2 P is positioned left to J.
3 Z is on the lower right of J.
4 B is upper right to O.
5 Z and V are parallel, and Z on the right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 G and H are side by side with H at the bottom and G on the top.
2 H is on the top side to B.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
4 E is to the upper left of T.
5 W is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	below	1
1 C is directly below X.
2 L is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
3 O is diagonally right and above D.
4 L is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 X is at L's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the left side to A.
2 V and C are horizontal and V is to the left of C.
3 V is placed at the lower left of L.
4 D is sitting in the left direction of C.
5 V is south west of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	right	1
1 W is at E's 12 o'clock.
2 E is at the lower side of H.
3 L is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
4 C is diagonally left and above C.
5 Y is to the bottom right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the upper left of Y.
2 Y is over there with G above.
3 H is above T and to the left of T.
4 K and Y are parallel, and K is to the right of Y.
5 The object K is positioned directly below the object A.
6 O is below Y and to the right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 B is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 U is above and to the right of M.
3 P is to the left of L horizontally.
4 M is sitting in the right direction of N.
5 D is at U's 3 o'clock.
6 P is on the right and U is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	left	1
1 A is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Q is below and to the left of F.
3 V is above Z at 10 o'clock.
4 Z is on the upper right of S.
5 Z is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
6 L is diagonally right and above R.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 M is on the right side and top of Z.
2 Z and I are parallel, and Z is under I.
3 I is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
4 L and Y are side by side with L to the left and Y to the right.
5 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	above	1
1 X is placed in the left direction of J.
2 X is on the lower right of F.
3 R is placed at the lower right of F.
4 G is on the top side to B.
5 L is placed at the upper right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Z.
2 M is over there with Z above.
3 M is diagonally left and above M.
4 S and X are parallel, and S is under X.
5 Object K is below object D and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 A is sitting in the right direction of E.
2 S presents lower left to A.
3 W and E are parallel, and W is to the right of E.
4 B is at the bottom and E is on the top.
5 U and C are horizontal and U is to the left of C.
6 A is positioned in the front right corner of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	right	1
1 I and N are next to each other with N at the bottom I on the top.
2 S and B are parallel, and S on the right of B.
3 K is south west of V.
4 N is on the left side to V.
5 V and B are side by side with V on the top and B at the bottom.
6 D and T are parallel, and D is over T.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	above	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of P.
2 P and J are parallel, and P is to the left of J.
3 S is above and to the left of F.
4 C is on the right side and below R.
5 E is over there and C is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
2 G is over there and T is on the right of it.
3 M is positioned above L and to the right.
4 V is above L at 2 o'clock.
5 Object T is above object M and to the left of it, too.
6 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 B is placed at the upper left of W.
3 S is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
4 The objects M and Q are over there. The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
5 M is diagonally right and below F.
6 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally left and below C.
2 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
3 R is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 R is sitting at the upper left position to T.
5 W is positioned above and to the left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
2 M is to the left of C horizontally.
3 W is lower right of A.
4 H is directly below E.
5 M and F are side by side with M on the top and F at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 C and J are side by side with C to the right and J to the left.
2 J is over W.
3 J is on the left and T is on the right.
4 X and O are next to each other with X on the left and O on the right.
5 C is positioned down and to the left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the bottom-right of S.
2 G is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 M is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 G is to the bottom left of U.
5 T is to the bottom-left of V.
6 V is lower right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally right and below L.
2 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
3 O is lower right of J.
4 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
5 The objects H and G are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
6 L is on the upper right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 W is directly north east of H.
2 F and T are next to each other with T at the bottom F on the top.
3 T is above and to the right of W.
4 Y is positioned left to W.
5 K is placed at the lower right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 P and C are side by side with C at the bottom and P on the top.
2 K is there and C is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 If J is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
4 The object L is positioned directly above the object V.
5 L is south east of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 N and U are next to each other with U at the bottom N on the top.
2 K is on the top and D is at the bottom.
3 A is positioned below I and to the left.
4 R and A are vertical and R is below A.
5 The object A is positioned directly above the object K.
6 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 S is directly above W.
2 Y is directly south east of D.
3 F and W are parallel, and F is to the right of W.
4 H is placed at the upper right of G.
5 W is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 Y and S are parallel, and Y is to the left of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 K and B are parallel, and K on the left of B.
2 C is placed on the top of N.
3 D is at the lower side of Z.
4 X is placed at the upper left of Z.
5 X is sitting at the upper right position to C.
6 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 R is lower left to T.
2 E presents over Z.
3 T is to the right of E.
4 J is over there and V is directly above it.
5 E is below L and to the left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
2 S is sitting in the left direction of Y.
3 P is on the left and Y is on the right.
4 K is to the top of Y vertically.
5 Q and F are horizontal and Q is to the right of F.
6 F and S are both there with the object F above the object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 Z is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 C is directly above T.
3 Z is upper right to S.
4 T is south west of L.
5 H is positioned in the front right corner of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 B and T are parallel, and B is over T.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
3 N is directly south west of Q.
4 T and X are next to each other with X on the right and T on the left.
5 X is positioned above Q and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	right	1
1 U is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face U.
2 L and H are both there with the object H below the object L.
3 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
4 Q is over there and P is on the left of it.
5 F is above Q and to the left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the upper right of Q.
2 I is over there and S is on the right.
3 T is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
4 N presents upper left to H.
5 Q is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 J is above and to the left of U.
2 X is at U's 3 o'clock.
3 K is north west of O.
4 J is on the left side to O.
5 L is positioned above and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	above	1
1 W is placed at the upper right of X.
2 W and T are next to each other with T at the bottom W on the top.
3 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
4 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
5 X is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
6 W is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled C.
2 D is south west of M.
3 B is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 O is upper right to C.
5 I is directly south west of C.
6 B is to the upper left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object G and D are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 W is below C and to the left of C.
4 D is at B's 3 o'clock.
5 D is sitting at the lower right position to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
2 D is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
3 W is sitting at the upper right position to D.
4 B is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	below	1
1 Y is lower left to L.
2 U is at F's 6 o'clock.
3 N presents over L.
4 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
5 The object K is positioned directly above the object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	above	1
1 S is positioned above K and to the left.
2 U and R are next to each other with R at the bottom U on the top.
3 V and G are next to each other with V on the top and G at the bottom.
4 S is diagonally below U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 N is below K and to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 D is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 S and Z are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
3 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
4 E is south east of O.
5 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
6 S is on the left and T is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	below	1
1 O is to the top right of Z.
2 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
3 L is above and to the right of H.
4 The object V is positioned directly above the object P.
5 Z is positioned below J.
6 The object H and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 N is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face N.
2 T and H are parallel, and T is over H.
3 S is below O with a small gap between them.
4 Object W is below object M and to the left of it, too.
5 H is positioned down and to the left of O.
6 If S is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
2 D is at L's 12 o'clock.
3 X is to the upper left of L.
4 P is upper left of G.
5 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
6 D is upper left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 R and S are next to each other with S on the right and R on the left.
2 P is over there and Z is on the top of it.
3 Object E is below object U and to the left of it, too.
4 W and U are horizontal and W is to the right of U.
5 K is placed at the lower left of U.
6 R is at W's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	below	1
1 F is to the bottom right of R.
2 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
3 S is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
5 P is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
6 Object I is below object R and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 O is on the left side and above A.
3 Z is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 G is on the left side to E.
5 Z and E are both there with the object Z is to the left of object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 W is lower left to T.
3 T presents right to R.
4 S is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face S.
5 T is on top of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper left of R.
2 L and M are parallel, and L on the right of M.
3 R is on the right and Q is on the left.
4 A and R are vertical and A is above R.
5 K is positioned in the lower right corner of Q.
6 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper left position to A.
2 C is placed at the lower right of J.
3 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object C.
4 J is to the right of D.
5 The objects J and N are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	right	1
1 F is below L and to the left of L.
2 A is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
3 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
4 A is below F and to the left of F.
5 P is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
6 S and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
2 V and W are next to each other with V on the top and W at the bottom.
3 T is at the bottom and V is on the top.
4 O is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object W.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	left	1
1 W is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 N is placed at the lower left of E.
4 A is placed at the lower right of E.
5 E is upper right to T.
6 V is on the same vertical plane directly below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
2 G is on the top side to P.
3 J is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
4 D is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
5 T is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
6 F is above B and to the right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 K is sitting at the upper right position to G.
3 G is to the bottom-right of E.
4 I is on top of P.
5 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
6 F is on the right side and top of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 L is directly south east of C.
2 L is sitting at the lower right position to M.
3 L is on the left side and above J.
4 C is placed on the top of B.
5 Q and R are parallel, and Q is to the left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	right	1
1 I is positioned below V.
2 K is over there and F is on the right of it.
3 F is placed at the lower left of N.
4 R is below K at 7 o'clock.
5 K is to the bottom left of O.
6 R is diagonally right and below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Y is directly above E.
2 S is over there and J is on the left of it.
3 Y is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 C and Z are parallel, and C is on top of Z.
5 K and S are in a vertical line with K on top.
6 X is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 R is placed at the bottom of A.
2 R is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
3 F presents upper left to L.
4 The objects L and A are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
5 X presents right to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	left	1
1 N and K are both there with the object N is to the right of object K.
2 X is at G's 3 o'clock.
3 Y is above X and to the right of X.
4 N is below G with a small gap between them.
5 R is above and to the left of O.
6 X is to the top-right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object P is positioned directly below the object B.
2 B is placed at the upper left of Z.
3 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
4 N and S are in a vertical line with S below N.
5 K and Z are in a vertical line with Z below K.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 A is on the right side to G.
2 J and G are in a vertical line with G below J.
3 I is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
5 B presents lower left to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 W is positioned right to X.
2 H is directly below V.
3 T is above V at 10 o'clock.
4 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
5 W is placed at the upper right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 T is on the right and G is on the left.
2 W presents lower right to I.
3 I is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 W is placed on the top of N.
5 A and N are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	below	1
1 A is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
2 N and I are horizontal and N is to the left of I.
3 P presents lower right to F.
4 J is placed at the upper right of A.
5 I is positioned left to A.
6 N is to the left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	right	1
1 Z is directly south east of U.
2 A is at the bottom of N vertically.
3 D and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and D on the left.
4 Z is above and to the right of Q.
5 S is positioned in the front right corner of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	below	1
1 O is sitting at the upper right position to E.
2 I is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
3 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
4 The object W and T are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
5 T and O are side by side with T to the left and O to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	above	1
1 U is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
3 U is to the upper left of B.
4 The object W is positioned directly below the object B.
5 C and R are next to each other with R at the bottom C on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	below	1
1 F is to the bottom-right of U.
2 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
3 R is at F's 12 o'clock.
4 F is below and to the left of T.
5 Q is sitting at the upper right position to F.
6 The object Q and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object C and X are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 X is directly north west of F.
3 I is over there and R is on the left of it.
4 L is below and to the left of Z.
5 C is directly south west of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 U is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
3 P presents lower right to S.
4 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
5 U and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom U on the top.
6 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	above	1
1 K is sitting at the lower left position to P.
2 T is over there and K is on the right.
3 U is placed at the upper right of T.
4 X presents right to K.
5 E is to the top-left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 R is at Z's 3 o'clock.
2 M is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
3 A is to the left of H horizontally.
4 D presents left to H.
5 M is diagonally to the upper right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the bottom right of U.
2 E is sitting at the lower left position to C.
3 O is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 V presents over C.
5 Y is diagonally left and below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 R is at X’s 9 o'clock.
3 B is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
4 X is at B's 12 o'clock.
5 Z presents upper left to W.
6 V is over there and B is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	right	1
1 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to O.
2 T is above and to the right of B.
3 P is below A at 4 o'clock.
4 H is on the top and L is at the bottom.
5 Q is on the lower left of B.
6 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 L is positioned left to P.
2 L presents lower right to C.
3 V is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 F is positioned in the front right corner of U.
5 C is above V and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 M is above and to the right of C.
2 M is sitting at the upper right position to H.
3 S is on the right side to K.
4 The object C and J are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
5 A is over there with H above.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 N is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
2 D is below I at 7 o'clock.
3 B is on the lower right of N.
4 S is to the bottom-right of D.
5 Z and K are horizontal and Z is to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 W presents below P.
3 S is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 G is positioned in the top left corner of M.
5 The object P is positioned above and to the left of object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 T is below W.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
3 T is placed in the left direction of G.
4 N is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face N.
5 V is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 C is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 F is placed at the lower right of N.
3 F is placed at the upper right of K.
4 L presents left to K.
5 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	left	1
1 K is placed at the upper left of J.
2 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
3 F is at the bottom of J vertically.
4 C presents lower left to S.
5 F and Q are parallel, and F on the right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 P is to the left of N horizontally.
3 Q is directly below J.
4 K and D are in a vertical line with K on top.
5 Q is placed on the top of K.
6 The objects S and J are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 M is positioned below I and to the right.
3 I is to the upper left of Z.
4 V presents left to P.
5 I is on top of F.
6 H is over there and Z is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
2 The objects Q and S are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
3 M presents upper right to J.
4 H is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
5 Q is upper left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Z presents below C.
3 If B is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
4 B is placed on the top of U.
5 Z is to the upper left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 S is over I.
2 N is to the top of R vertically.
3 A is positioned left to P.
4 F is below A with a small gap between them.
5 N is on the right side to L.
6 F is diagonally to the bottom right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	above	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
2 F is north west of Y.
3 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
4 Y is to the right of Q.
5 X is positioned below G and to the right.
6 X is at M's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	below	1
1 T and R are both there with the object T above the object R.
2 X is positioned below and to the right of C.
3 P is lower right of D.
4 X is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 X is below and to the left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	below	1
1 Z is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
2 E is sitting at the upper right position to W.
3 Z is at the bottom of W vertically.
4 O is positioned up and to the right of T.
5 S is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the left and W is on the right.
2 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
3 Object I is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
4 If Y is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 4 and 5.
5 W is sitting in the left direction of Z.
6 Y and C are both there with the object Y is to the left of object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 T is on the top side to L.
2 F presents over U.
3 The objects L and J are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
4 U is directly south west of J.
5 Y presents left to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	above	1
1 Object G is below object A and to the right of it, too.
2 T is on the top and M is at the bottom.
3 M and E are vertical and M is above E.
4 A is below T and to the right of T.
5 H and K are horizontal and H is to the left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U and S are side by side with U to the left and S to the right.
2 B is lower right of X.
3 B presents left to A.
4 C is positioned in the front right corner of P.
5 P is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	right	1
1 Z and T are both there with the object Z is to the right of object T.
2 G is diagonally left and above G.
3 G is at the bottom and T is on the top.
4 T and U are both there with the object T is to the right of object U.
5 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
6 V is positioned in the top left corner of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 A and S are next to each other with A on the top and S at the bottom.
2 Z is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
3 A is sitting in the right direction of C.
4 C is under L.
5 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the top position to F.
2 B is positioned down and to the left of L.
3 B is positioned above C.
4 A is to the top-right of L.
5 M is at C’s 9 o'clock.
6 J is positioned below and to the right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 Z is above K and to the right of K.
3 Z is to the top-right of Q.
4 Q and C are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
5 K is diagonally right and below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 U and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
2 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
3 Y is over there and I is on the top of it.
4 Y is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 P is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Z and G are horizontal and Z is to the left of G.
2 D is diagonally right and above T.
3 T is sitting at the lower position to G.
4 V is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
5 X presents upper left to J.
6 G is on the same vertical plane directly above N.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	left	1
1 L is upper right to S.
2 X is positioned in the front right corner of I.
3 S and I are vertical and S is below I.
4 D is positioned right to W.
5 B is to the right of I horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	above	1
1 T is on the left side and above U.
2 T is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
3 E and V are side by side with E to the left and V to the right.
4 V presents right to T.
5 U is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
6 B is placed on the top of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 O and R are horizontal and O is to the right of R.
2 O is sitting in the left direction of L.
3 The object K is positioned directly above the object R.
4 V is to the right of L.
5 S is positioned below T and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	below	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 G presents upper right to U.
3 X and I are side by side with I at the bottom and X on the top.
4 P and F are parallel, and P on the right of F.
5 K is at the bottom of T.
6 I is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	above	1
1 B is below G.
2 A is positioned up and to the right of B.
3 X is at the bottom and G is on the top.
4 K is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
5 Object B is below object M and to the right of it, too.
6 D is diagonally to the bottom left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the left side to G.
2 B and H are parallel, and B on the left of H.
3 B is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 B is positioned down and to the left of Q.
5 H is above and to the right of A.
6 X is above A.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The objects K and Q are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 O is to the top of L vertically.
3 W and T are parallel, and W is under T.
4 E and W are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
5 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	right	1
1 G is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 N is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 K is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 L is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
5 V is over there and D is on the top of it.
6 G is placed at the upper right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 N is over there with K below.
3 Object H is below object R and to the right of it, too.
4 X is directly north east of S.
5 B is placed at the upper right of K.
6 H is sitting at the lower position to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 N is over E.
2 Z is over there and O is on the right.
3 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
4 G is placed at the upper right of D.
5 F is north east of T.
6 Z is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 I is sitting at the lower position to B.
3 K is sitting at the upper left position to G.
4 I presents upper right to O.
5 O is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
6 N and J are in a vertical line with N on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned above and to the left of N.
2 T is on the right side to M.
3 C presents upper right to T.
4 C is diagonally right and above I.
5 M is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the right side to Q.
2 Q is sitting at the lower right position to L.
3 X is to the bottom-right of C.
4 O is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
5 M is on top of R.
6 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F presents left to D.
2 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
3 Q is to the bottom-left of K.
4 F is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
5 The object Q and O are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
6 O is positioned below F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
2 W is upper right to C.
3 D is there and C is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 P is below and to the left of M.
5 P is positioned above W and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 L presents below F.
2 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
3 F is sitting at the top position to H.
4 J is below G and to the left of G.
5 H is on top of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 P is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 The object P is positioned directly below the object Y.
3 A is placed at the lower left of C.
4 Y is over S.
5 K is to the bottom-right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 J and I are vertical and J is below I.
2 K is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Z is below and to the left of C.
4 O is directly below Z.
5 O and K are parallel, and O is to the left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	below	1
1 J is above C with a small gap between them.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
3 D is to the bottom right of E.
4 J is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 V is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 J and X are horizontal and J is to the right of X.
2 S is over there with E below.
3 S is below Y and to the left of Y.
4 X is placed in the right direction of S.
5 Y and P are horizontal and Y is to the left of P.
6 B is to the upper left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the right side and below E.
2 X is over there and P is on the right.
3 W is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
4 G is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
5 N is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
2 Y is on the top side to Q.
3 R is above Z at 10 o'clock.
4 R is directly below M.
5 M is sitting at the upper left position to G.
6 G is sitting at the lower position to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Y is under X.
2 The objects K and U are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 L is sitting at the lower left position to W.
4 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to L.
5 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	right	1
1 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 V is sitting in the right direction of I.
3 E presents right to L.
4 Q and Z are vertical and Q is above Z.
5 L is over there and U is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 W is diagonally right and below E.
2 E is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower righthand corner.
3 N and W are side by side with N to the left and W to the right.
4 V is placed in the left direction of J.
5 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 P and E are parallel, and P is under E.
3 J is lower left to N.
4 U is over there and W is on the right of it.
5 P is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
6 Q is to the bottom left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 E and T are both there with the object E is to the left of object T.
2 M and E are both there with the object E below the object M.
3 M is placed at the upper right of H.
4 J is on the right side to A.
5 M is below Q and to the left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 D is positioned below B and to the left.
3 O presents right to R.
4 D is placed at the bottom of Q.
5 R is directly below Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	below	1
1 O is on the left side and above D.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
3 The object K is positioned directly below the object Z.
4 O is sitting at the upper left position to V.
5 D is over there and E is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	left	1
1 N is to the right of S horizontally.
2 N and A are in a vertical line with A below N.
3 J and U are both there with the object J above the object U.
4 G is above and to the right of R.
5 S is at the bottom and R is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 H is directly below S.
3 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
4 V is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 W is sitting at the lower position to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
2 Q is directly above K.
3 Q is placed at the bottom of E.
4 E is below and to the right of C.
5 Z is to the left of N horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 V is at J's 3 o'clock.
2 W is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 S is on the left side to P.
4 A and R are parallel, and A on the right of R.
5 W is placed in the left direction of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the upper right of T.
2 J is below and to the left of Z.
3 S is to the right of B.
4 L is to the bottom-left of M.
5 M and B are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the upper left position to A.
2 If M is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
3 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
4 The object M is positioned directly above the object X.
5 If S is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
2 A and E are next to each other with A on the top and E at the bottom.
3 N is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
4 V is placed at the lower right of P.
5 S and C are parallel, and S on the right of C.
6 V is positioned in the front right corner of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 R is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
2 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
3 R is placed in the left direction of Q.
4 G is to the bottom right of F.
5 R is on the left side and above Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 C is placed at the upper right of O.
2 D is below R at 4 o'clock.
3 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
4 G is north west of T.
5 R is south west of G.
6 G and L are next to each other with L on the right and G on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Object Q is below object R and to the left of it, too.
2 C is over there and H is on the top of it.
3 V is positioned up and to the right of C.
4 V is to the bottom-left of E.
5 Y is to the right of V horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	above	1
1 H is directly south west of F.
2 N is below E at 4 o'clock.
3 H is positioned above O and to the right.
4 F presents lower left to B.
5 Y is over there and O is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
2 F is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
3 F is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 R is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
5 Y and I are both there with the object Y is to the left of object I.
6 U is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 K is placed at the bottom of Q.
2 W is over there with V above.
3 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
4 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
5 S is on the lower right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
2 S and G are both there with the object S is to the left of object G.
3 Q is below R and to the right of R.
4 Q is over there with S above.
5 N is placed at the upper right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	left	1
1 A is at O’s 9 o'clock.
2 A is positioned left to J.
3 G is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
4 A is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 G is on the left and O is on the right.
6 The object F is positioned directly above the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 L is directly south west of N.
2 J is on the right side and below O.
3 N is placed in the left direction of Q.
4 Z presents lower right to I.
5 Q is on top of C.
6 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 K is sitting at the upper left position to D.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
3 D and V are vertical and D is below V.
4 S and V are both there with the object S is to the left of object V.
5 S is positioned down and to the left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 H is below R at 4 o'clock.
2 Z is positioned up and to the right of X.
3 Z is to the right of S.
4 Y is on the top side to P.
5 S is lower left to P.
6 K is over there and Z is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	above	1
1 R is to the top-right of Y.
2 T and H are both there with the object T above the object H.
3 D is to the upper left of F.
4 T is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 G is directly south west of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 R is over J.
2 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
3 U is positioned below and to the right of J.
4 A and G are parallel, and A on the left of G.
5 J and Y are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	right	1
1 B and A are next to each other with A at the bottom B on the top.
2 C is sitting at the lower left position to F.
3 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
4 A is sitting in the right direction of F.
5 B is below E and to the left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 D and A are horizontal and D is to the right of A.
2 C and Y are horizontal and C is to the right of Y.
3 A and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom A on the top.
4 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
5 P and G are vertical and P is below G.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 G and F are next to each other with G on the left and F on the right.
3 G and L are side by side with L at the bottom and G on the top.
4 L is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 F is over there and O is on the right of it.
6 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 S is at the bottom of I vertically.
2 K is below A.
3 V is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 U is over there and S is directly below it.
5 S is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 J is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 S is placed on the top of O.
2 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
3 G is positioned in the top left corner of E.
4 X is positioned above and to the left of E.
5 X is positioned up and to the right of Z.
6 I is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face I.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the bottom-left of E.
2 V is sitting in the right direction of L.
3 B is on the left side of and below T.
4 Q is to the bottom-right of T.
5 J is at V's 3 o'clock.
6 Object J is below object T and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	right	1
1 V is directly north west of N.
2 B is positioned up and to the right of R.
3 M is sitting in the left direction of N.
4 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object N.
5 The object C and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
6 O is diagonally left and above O.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 M is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 B is to the bottom left of C.
3 The object X and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object X.
4 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
5 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
6 A is positioned below S and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	left	1
1 J and R are next to each other with R on the right and J on the left.
2 N is above D and to the left of D.
3 L is north west of J.
4 L is over there and N is on the left.
5 D is south east of P.
6 U presents upper right to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 X is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 F is on the lower right of B.
3 Object E is above object T and to the left of it, too.
4 K presents upper right to X.
5 Object E is below object J and to the left of it, too.
6 J is below and to the left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	left	1
1 K and W are next to each other with W at the bottom K on the top.
2 D is positioned above and to the left of L.
3 K is on the left side to B.
4 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
5 H is on the lower right of X.
6 W and H are horizontal and W is to the left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	right	1
1 O is south west of B.
2 F is sitting in the right direction of D.
3 I is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
4 I is below V.
5 B is to the top right of I.
6 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 R is directly north east of G.
2 The object D is positioned directly below the object H.
3 H is over there with R below.
4 E is placed in the left direction of J.
5 P is to the upper left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 Y is positioned in the front right corner of J.
2 E is positioned left to A.
3 Object N is above object A and to the left of it, too.
4 B is placed at the bottom of A.
5 B is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 R is at the lower side of N.
2 P is placed at the lower right of B.
3 R is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
4 U is to the bottom left of L.
5 Q is below N with a small gap between them.
6 L is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed at the lower right of X.
2 H is sitting in the right direction of O.
3 Object H is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
4 F is positioned below and to the right of I.
5 Y is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
6 I is directly south west of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	above	1
1 F is on the right side and top of U.
2 V is to the right of K.
3 E and F are side by side with E to the left and F to the right.
4 B is placed on the top of S.
5 E is upper right to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D is above T at 10 o'clock.
2 F is to the top-left of C.
3 S is to the bottom-right of O.
4 O and F are in a horizontal line with F on the right.
5 O is lower right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the upper right of H.
2 Z is on the lower left of K.
3 J is over there with S above.
4 S is on the left side and above H.
5 S is directly south east of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	left	1
1 U is diagonally left and below G.
2 J is to the right of C.
3 S and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
4 L is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 C is positioned above and to the left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	below	1
1 D is over there with I above.
2 A is above B at 2 o'clock.
3 A and Y are parallel, and Y is below A.
4 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
5 N is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
6 B presents upper right to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
2 The object D is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
4 H is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
5 I is diagonally left and above I.
6 N and X are both there with the object N is to the left of object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to K.
2 O is directly south west of Y.
3 G presents lower left to X.
4 F is to the bottom left of G.
5 G is positioned below M.
6 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned above and to the left of X.
2 P is diagonally right and above J.
3 M is at the lower side of N.
4 H is at T's 6 o'clock.
5 N is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 N is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
2 The object K is positioned directly above the object A.
3 B is on the upper right of Q.
4 J is to the upper left of G.
5 Q presents below D.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
2 X is diagonally right and above R.
3 Q and N are both there with the object N below the object Q.
4 N is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 Q is upper right to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Q and E are both there with the object Q is to the right of object E.
2 W is to the upper left of U.
3 T presents left to Q.
4 E is to the top-right of S.
5 B is at the lower side of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	above	1
1 Y is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
3 R is positioned above P and to the right.
4 X is to the right of V.
5 R is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	left	1
1 D is to the right of Z.
2 G is to the bottom left of B.
3 X is below C and to the left of C.
4 B is sitting at the top position to P.
5 B and C are in a vertical line with C below B.
6 E is on the left side of and below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	below	1
1 M and A are horizontal and M is to the right of A.
2 J is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
3 J is to the bottom-left of O.
4 B is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 K is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
6 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	right	1
1 H and L are next to each other with H on the left and L on the right.
2 R presents right to C.
3 J is diagonally below P to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 Q is positioned below H and to the right.
5 J is over there and L is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	left	1
1 T is positioned right to R.
2 O is at the lower side of E.
3 O and R are vertical and O is below R.
4 The objects O and B are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
5 V is under N.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 B and C are in a vertical line with B on top.
2 K is to the bottom-left of B.
3 P is positioned up and to the right of X.
4 U is placed at the bottom of D.
5 C is above and to the right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
2 X is positioned below and to the right of S.
3 P is sitting at the lower right position to V.
4 U is over there and G is directly below it.
5 S is above P and to the left of P.
6 O is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	right	1
1 C is to the upper left of S.
2 M is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 Q is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower righthand corner.
4 T and P are parallel, and T is to the left of P.
5 Q and P are parallel, and Q is over P.
6 U is on the left side to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	left	1
1 J and H are parallel, and J is over H.
2 V is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
3 H is upper right to K.
4 Q is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 L and T are horizontal and L is to the right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
2 U is placed at the lower left of D.
3 H and R are horizontal and H is to the left of R.
4 X is sitting in the left direction of C.
5 X presents lower right to J.
6 H is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	above	1
1 R is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 Z is positioned in the top left corner of M.
3 V is positioned below R and to the right.
4 E is over there and D is directly above it.
5 O is above V and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the upper left position to N.
2 P is to the top right of H.
3 F and N are parallel, and F is over N.
4 If F is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
5 R is to the top-left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there and F is directly above it.
2 Q is at F's 3 o'clock.
3 D is sitting at the top position to N.
4 C is above A and to the right of A.
5 F and A are parallel, and F is on top of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 Y is positioned below N.
2 Y is over there and C is directly below it.
3 D is placed at the lower right of N.
4 O is above and to the left of D.
5 O is positioned above K and to the right.
6 F is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned left to I.
2 M is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
3 R and I are parallel, and R is on top of I.
4 X and R are parallel, and X on the right of R.
5 H is south east of Z.
6 X is on the right side to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	right	1
1 I is below X at 4 o'clock.
2 I is placed at the lower right of J.
3 F is diagonally to the upper right of W.
4 Y and U are both there with the object U below the object Y.
5 R is positioned below J.
6 Y is to the top-right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 T and Z are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 O is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
3 Y presents lower right to J.
4 U is upper left of O.
5 U and N are side by side with U to the left and N to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Object J is below object O and to the left of it, too.
2 I and F are vertical and I is below F.
3 J is positioned below I.
4 K is to the left of I horizontally.
5 E is above T.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	left	1
1 S and A are side by side with S to the right and A to the left.
2 Q is positioned left to H.
3 Z is over there with Y below.
4 Q is above Z at 10 o'clock.
5 Q is over there with O above.
6 G is to the right of H horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 U is below L and to the left of L.
2 L is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 T is upper left of Q.
4 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
5 W is over there and A is on the top of it.
6 P is positioned below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the upper left of K.
2 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
3 U is north east of C.
4 U is below Y at 4 o'clock.
5 C is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	above	1
1 L is on top of U.
2 L is to the upper left of R.
3 X is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 R is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Q is positioned above L and to the right.
6 R is on the right side and top of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 J is directly above K.
2 J and V are parallel, and J on the left of V.
3 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
4 Y presents left to D.
5 F is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	below	1
1 O is on the right side to R.
2 T is positioned right to X.
3 L is over there and R is on the top of it.
4 H is to the upper left of Z.
5 O is on the top and X is at the bottom.
6 C is above and to the right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the top of K vertically.
2 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
3 If H is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
4 A is below D and to the right of D.
5 S is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 N is over there with H above.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q and A are next to each other with Q on the top and A at the bottom.
2 T and Y are both there with the object T is to the right of object Y.
3 G is over there and R is on the right.
4 Q is above B with a small gap between them.
5 T is to the bottom right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	above	1
1 I is diagonally right and below B.
2 G presents over Z.
3 G is on the right side and below B.
4 I is above and to the left of R.
5 R and X are next to each other with R on the left and X on the right.
6 E and O are parallel, and E is on top of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower right position to H.
2 W is over there and L is on the top of it.
3 Z is sitting at the lower position to M.
4 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
5 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally right and above B.
2 S is over there and A is on the top of it.
3 U is on the right and E is on the left.
4 X is on top of A.
5 W presents left to U.
6 The object U and S are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 N is at A's 3 o'clock.
2 M is over there and F is on the left of it.
3 F is sitting at the upper left position to N.
4 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
5 T is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there and M is directly above it.
2 The object V is positioned directly below the object U.
3 U is on the left and Q is on the right.
4 U presents left to Z.
5 V and K are in a vertical line with V on top.
6 I is positioned right to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 E is placed at the bottom of G.
2 I is below and to the left of Z.
3 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
4 Y presents lower left to B.
5 B is placed in the right direction of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	left	1
1 F is on the left side to X.
2 Q is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
3 W is below and to the left of N.
4 M is on the left side of and below G.
5 T is directly below N.
6 F is south east of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	right	1
1 M is placed on the top of R.
2 H is directly north east of G.
3 Y is diagonally left and below M.
4 R is lower right of B.
5 H is at the bottom of R.
6 The objects O and L are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	left	1
1 T is on the left side of and below Y.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
3 U is to the right of K horizontally.
4 H is lower left to Y.
5 L is at the bottom of K.
6 W is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	below	1
1 J is on the right side and top of B.
2 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
3 B presents left to H.
4 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
5 S is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 T is to the top-right of E.
2 O is positioned in the front right corner of X.
3 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
4 P is directly above T.
5 C is at the bottom of T.
6 E is below and to the right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the left side and above O.
2 R is below and to the left of C.
3 V is placed in the right direction of O.
4 L and V are parallel, and L on the right of V.
5 L is at the bottom of S.
6 S is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 F is over there and X is on the left of it.
3 X is directly south west of S.
4 S is to the right of G horizontally.
5 X is positioned below C and to the left.
6 L is on the top side to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	right	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
2 C is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 V and W are vertical and V is below W.
4 H is above A at 2 o'clock.
5 A is to the bottom right of S.
6 T is positioned below W.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 G and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
2 Q is sitting at the lower left position to W.
3 R is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 U and W are next to each other with W at the bottom U on the top.
5 P is positioned down and to the left of W.
6 U is north west of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned down and to the left of G.
2 D is sitting at the lower left position to X.
3 P is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
4 D is to the right of S horizontally.
5 X is directly above U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
2 I is above and to the left of A.
3 A is directly north east of P.
4 P is over N.
5 V is sitting at the lower left position to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	below	1
1 S is positioned above Y and to the left.
2 L is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 S is at the bottom and V is on the top.
4 V is north west of P.
5 X is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
6 Y is placed at the bottom of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The objects R and X are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 The object A is positioned directly above the object X.
3 K is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
4 W is directly south east of V.
5 U presents upper right to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	above	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper right of L.
2 L is at the bottom and H is on the top.
3 M is over there and L is directly below it.
4 F is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
5 S is positioned right to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	left	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
2 V is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
3 A is above and to the left of J.
4 E is on the right side to J.
5 F is placed at the lower left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
2 M is below X at 7 o'clock.
3 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
4 Object Q is below object A and to the right of it, too.
5 X is directly north west of Q.
6 If S is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
2 Q is over there and B is on the left.
3 P is at the bottom and K is on the top.
4 X and P are parallel, and X on the left of P.
5 P and D are side by side with P to the left and D to the right.
6 P is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 U and A are next to each other with A at the bottom U on the top.
2 E is above J with a small gap between them.
3 B is positioned below and to the right of I.
4 A is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	below	1
1 X is sitting at the lower left position to J.
2 X is on the right side and below Q.
3 J is positioned left to T.
4 O is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
5 Z is to the top-left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 J is lower left to B.
2 W is positioned above B and to the left.
3 H is lower right of J.
4 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
5 L is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face L.
6 G is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	above	1
1 C is on the top side to Q.
2 R is positioned above and to the left of C.
3 J is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 E is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
5 D and R are side by side with R at the bottom and D on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	above	1
1 T is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 R and E are both there with the object R is to the right of object E.
3 If J is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
4 P and R are parallel, and P on the right of R.
5 P is upper right to M.
6 R is sitting in the right direction of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 K is positioned right to G.
3 Q is at the lower side of V.
4 G is diagonally to the upper left of I.
5 D is over B.
6 The objects G and V are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	below	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
2 C is to the bottom-left of F.
3 D is over M.
4 K is sitting at the lower position to A.
5 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 S is below A.
2 X is on the upper right of P.
3 P is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 Y is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 P is diagonally right and above D.
6 P is over there with Y below.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
3 N is to the right of E.
4 X is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 E is below L at 4 o'clock.
6 E is directly south east of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 D is lower left to Y.
2 B is south west of Q.
3 I is on the right side to Z.
4 K is on top of E.
5 I is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
6 B and Y are both there with the object B is to the left of object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 B is below O and to the left of O.
2 I and Q are vertical and I is below Q.
3 Object Z is above object U and to the left of it, too.
4 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
5 Q is placed in the right direction of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Y is positioned right to X.
2 Object V is above object I and to the left of it, too.
3 If B is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
4 U is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
5 Y and Q are parallel, and Y is on top of Q.
6 B is sitting at the lower position to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 B and Q are both there with the object Q below the object B.
2 B is placed at the bottom of N.
3 E is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
4 H is at N's 3 o'clock.
5 The object Q and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
6 H and W are side by side with H to the left and W to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the left side and above L.
2 C is on the right and E is on the left.
3 O is placed at the lower right of C.
4 U and F are in a vertical line with F below U.
5 J is placed in the right direction of K.
6 U is to the top right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 M is over there with X below.
2 F is below M and to the left of M.
3 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
4 If Q is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
5 B and X are vertical and B is below X.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	left	1
1 U and F are vertical and U is below F.
2 G is diagonally right and below W.
3 A is below P at 4 o'clock.
4 U and N are parallel, and U is to the left of N.
5 F is sitting in the left direction of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	above	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
2 Y is over there and P is directly below it.
3 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
4 P is below S.
5 E and W are both there with the object W below the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 J and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom J on the top.
2 J is sitting in the right direction of F.
3 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
4 M and W are side by side with M on the top and W at the bottom.
5 U and F are next to each other with U on the top and F at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	below	1
1 S is over there with K above.
2 P and S are side by side with P to the right and S to the left.
3 R is on the lower right of P.
4 M presents lower right to J.
5 M is placed in the left direction of P.
6 If O is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 R is directly north west of E.
2 C and R are next to each other with C on the top and R at the bottom.
3 R is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 G is positioned below and to the right of E.
5 M and S are parallel, and M on the left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	left	1
1 Q is on the left and S is on the right.
2 Object N is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 E is on the left side and above K.
4 X is positioned up and to the right of Y.
5 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the top side to A.
2 J is on the left side and above N.
3 N is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 The object Q is positioned directly above the object J.
5 D is sitting at the upper left position to U.
6 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	above	1
1 K and U are horizontal and K is to the left of U.
2 L is below Z with a small gap between them.
3 O and P are in a vertical line with O on top.
4 K is to the bottom-right of X.
5 K and I are parallel, and K on the left of I.
6 K and O are next to each other with O on the right and K on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 F and V are parallel, and F is to the left of V.
2 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
3 S is to the upper left of V.
4 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object Z.
5 Z is positioned down and to the left of S.
6 O is directly north east of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned below and to the right of O.
2 G is below Z and to the right of Z.
3 T is directly north east of Z.
4 K is above and to the left of L.
5 Z is over there and K is on the right of it.
6 The object A is positioned directly below the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	below	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
2 N is directly north east of C.
3 N and R are side by side with R at the bottom and N on the top.
4 H is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
5 T presents left to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is over there and O is on the top of it.
2 Y is to the upper left of S.
3 S and H are side by side with S to the left and H to the right.
4 H is diagonally right and above G.
5 S is to the top-left of U.
6 Q is over there and T is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 A is placed at the bottom of W.
2 H is at K's 12 o'clock.
3 G is positioned below K.
4 Y and K are parallel, and Y is to the left of K.
5 J is sitting at the upper left position to K.
6 I is on the upper right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	below	1
1 U and V are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
2 R and Z are parallel, and R on the left of Z.
3 V is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 U is directly above M.
5 If J is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Z and K are parallel, and Z on the left of K.
2 A is on the right side to L.
3 Object K is below object T and to the left of it, too.
4 T is on the left side and above O.
5 B is diagonally left and below O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
2 H is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 If M is the center of a clock face, L is located between 7 and 8.
4 G is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
5 N is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the left side to N.
2 V is north west of R.
3 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 N is to the upper left of Z.
5 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 O is over Z.
2 If M is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
3 P and B are parallel, and B is below P.
4 M is to the bottom-right of A.
5 M is placed at the upper left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 O is directly north east of A.
2 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
3 U is at the bottom of R.
4 X is positioned below Q and to the left.
5 Object D is below object O and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Y is below X at 4 o'clock.
2 K is north west of H.
3 S is at the bottom of U.
4 S is over X.
5 U is placed in the right direction of I.
6 I presents lower left to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object T.
2 E and W are both there with the object E is to the right of object W.
3 T is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 D is on the lower right of R.
5 If N is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	left	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 E is at T's 3 o'clock.
3 A and E are both there with the object A above the object E.
4 E is on the lower right of S.
5 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
6 S and Y are vertical and S is above Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	above	1
1 Z and M are next to each other with M at the bottom Z on the top.
2 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
3 T is positioned below M.
4 L is sitting at the upper right position to T.
5 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
6 Z is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I and L are side by side with L at the bottom and I on the top.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
3 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object Q.
4 C is positioned above L and to the right.
5 E is positioned left to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object V is positioned directly above the object S.
2 Q is upper right to V.
3 K is to the top right of Q.
4 I presents over Z.
5 M is over there and S is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The object U is positioned directly above the object C.
3 R is placed at the upper right of A.
4 U is above Q and to the left of Q.
5 L is over there and K is on the left of it.
6 Q is under O.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 S is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
2 Object V is below object U and to the right of it, too.
3 U and A are both there with the object U is to the left of object A.
4 K is above and to the left of H.
5 S presents lower right to U.
6 M is placed at the bottom of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
2 I is placed at the lower right of U.
3 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
4 A is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
5 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
6 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Z is over L.
2 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
3 Q is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 P is directly south west of H.
5 R is on the right side and top of A.
6 A presents lower left to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 V is placed at the bottom of J.
2 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
3 Z is over there and N is on the right of it.
4 The object O and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
5 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
6 J is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 V is at the bottom and M is on the top.
2 L is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
3 D and I are vertical and D is above I.
4 V is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
5 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
6 L is sitting in the left direction of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
3 D and Y are horizontal and D is to the left of Y.
4 V is over there and Z is on the right of it.
5 F is over there with Q below.
6 H and Q are parallel, and H on the right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 R and O are side by side with R to the left and O to the right.
2 W presents lower left to O.
3 F is lower right of N.
4 T is sitting at the lower position to O.
5 W is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	above	1
1 F is on the top side to V.
2 F is on the left side to I.
3 V is to the bottom left of S.
4 S is directly south east of M.
5 Y presents below D.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	right	1
1 L is positioned up and to the right of Z.
2 R is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
3 A and Z are in a vertical line with Z below A.
4 V is to the top right of Z.
5 U is on the right side and below V.
6 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	right	1
1 V is on the right side to M.
2 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
3 If X is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
4 G and A are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
5 M is positioned down and to the left of B.
6 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
2 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
3 X is diagonally to the upper right of M.
4 I is positioned in the front right corner of K.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
6 M is directly below F.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the left side to K.
2 E is positioned in the front right corner of K.
3 D is over X.
4 E and A are parallel, and E is under A.
5 I presents below B.
6 I and E are vertical and I is above E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 V is placed on the top of F.
2 Z is to the bottom right of K.
3 U is below E and to the left of E.
4 F presents lower right to E.
5 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	below	1
1 Z and U are side by side with Z to the right and U to the left.
2 Y is on the right and K is on the left.
3 U is directly above Y.
4 D and U are parallel, and D is to the right of U.
5 G is over there and I is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Object T is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
3 Y is to the bottom left of G.
4 N is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
5 N is lower right of K.
6 Q and Z are parallel, and Q is to the left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Q and K are in a vertical line with K below Q.
2 V is on the left side and above J.
3 K is lower left to J.
4 Q is to the top right of S.
5 Z is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Q is diagonally right and above L.
2 L is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 G is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
4 W is positioned left to E.
5 G is on the right side and below R.
6 G is on the left side of and below S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the upper right of I.
2 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object W.
3 K is positioned in the front right corner of W.
4 The objects S and L are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
5 X is diagonally right and below W.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 C is on the right and Y is on the left.
2 Object G is below object J and to the right of it, too.
3 M is on the right side and below G.
4 C and O are parallel, and C on the left of O.
5 M presents over Y.
6 K is on the top side to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the top-right of O.
2 C is on the lower right of J.
3 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
4 S is sitting at the lower right position to J.
5 S presents lower right to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned left to Y.
2 L and Q are side by side with L to the right and Q to the left.
3 B is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 M is directly below B.
5 E is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	below	1
1 M and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
3 Q is positioned in the front right corner of P.
4 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object Q.
5 T is to the top-right of S.
6 E is positioned below F and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 R is over A.
2 A is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 P is above F at 10 o'clock.
4 K presents left to A.
5 B is on the lower left of H.
6 K is positioned up and to the right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object A is positioned directly below the object W.
2 D is on the left side to O.
3 J and O are parallel, and J is to the right of O.
4 A is directly north east of J.
5 O is placed at the lower left of K.
6 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to I.
2 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
3 A is over there with I above.
4 Object B is above object I and to the left of it, too.
5 X and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and X on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 F is lower right of A.
2 A is above G at 2 o'clock.
3 I is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 F is placed at the upper left of J.
5 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object J.
6 N and S are next to each other with S on the right and N on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the top-right of E.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
3 W and N are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
4 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object W.
5 X is diagonally left and below T.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 S is placed at the lower left of T.
2 W presents right to M.
3 H is over there and A is directly below it.
4 P is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
5 H is lower right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned below I and to the right.
2 A and N are side by side with A to the left and N to the right.
3 N and Y are vertical and N is above Y.
4 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
5 Y and U are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 T is placed at the bottom of E.
2 X is sitting at the lower right position to E.
3 B is positioned left to R.
4 T and D are next to each other with D on the right and T on the left.
5 E is at the bottom of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 G is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 B is above G at 2 o'clock.
3 E is to the bottom right of X.
4 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
5 The objects G and K are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 C is above I and to the right of I.
2 Y is positioned left to I.
3 W is to the left of V horizontally.
4 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
5 Object Q is below object H and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	right	1
1 L is over there and T is directly above it.
2 U is on the top and T is at the bottom.
3 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
4 O is positioned below U and to the right.
5 C is sitting in the left direction of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	below	1
1 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
2 L is positioned below B.
3 T is lower left to A.
4 Q is placed at the lower right of Y.
5 C is diagonally to the upper right of T.
6 Y presents right to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	above	1
1 P is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 R is south west of S.
3 B is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower righthand corner.
4 V is on the left and P is on the right.
5 X is positioned below B and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
2 Y is below and to the left of Z.
3 X is diagonally right and above Q.
4 G is on the upper right of Y.
5 If Y is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
2 F and K are parallel, and F is under K.
3 C presents lower left to I.
4 J is on the top side to O.
5 K is sitting at the top position to C.
6 F and P are vertical and F is below P.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Z is positioned above and to the left of X.
3 Z is on the left side and above G.
4 Object D is above object R and to the left of it, too.
5 B and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
6 B and G are horizontal and B is to the right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 J presents right to L.
2 Z is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
3 S is below L and to the right of L.
4 P is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 B is at E's 12 o'clock.
2 H is diagonally left and below X.
3 Z is diagonally to the upper left of D.
4 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
5 E is lower left to U.
6 Z and E are next to each other with Z on the top and E at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	below	1
1 U is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 E is placed at the bottom of I.
3 L and G are horizontal and L is to the left of G.
4 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
5 A is diagonally left and below U.
6 U is over there with G above.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	above	1
1 Z is diagonally above D to the right at a 45 degree.
2 S is sitting in the right direction of R.
3 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
4 R is to the bottom left of Q.
5 Q is to the bottom-right of D.
6 T is on top of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 D is lower left to K.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
3 V and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and V on the top.
4 U is north east of V.
5 M is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 M is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
2 If V is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
3 M is positioned above and to the left of O.
4 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
5 Q is on the right side and top of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 I is placed on the top of U.
2 I is positioned below D and to the left.
3 D is sitting in the right direction of A.
4 Y and I are parallel, and Y on the right of I.
5 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
6 Object D is above object C and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 A is under E.
2 K is over there and I is on the left.
3 If J is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
4 E is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 D presents right to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 E and K are vertical and E is below K.
2 I is sitting at the upper right position to D.
3 F and I are next to each other with F on the top and I at the bottom.
4 B is sitting at the lower position to D.
5 D is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 Object C is below object U and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is positioned directly above the object S.
2 L is directly above V.
3 L is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
5 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 N is sitting in the right direction of L.
3 B is to the upper left of L.
4 N presents lower right to S.
5 R presents over S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	below	1
1 A and C are vertical and A is below C.
2 A is placed in the left direction of N.
3 V is to the upper left of J.
4 J is to the right of H horizontally.
5 J is lower right of A.
6 W is to the bottom-right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned below M.
2 R is on the left and O is on the right.
3 Q is directly north west of G.
4 D and O are parallel, and D is on top of O.
5 Z is sitting at the lower right position to U.
6 The object D is positioned directly above the object G.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	below	1
1 Object X is below object F and to the left of it, too.
2 F is below G at 7 o'clock.
3 V and F are vertical and V is below F.
4 Y is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
5 V is on the left side to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there and T is on the top of it.
2 P is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
3 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
4 B is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
5 B is sitting at the upper left position to L.
6 Z is placed at the upper right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The objects H and B are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 The object W and N are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 Y is over there and E is directly below it.
4 W is to the bottom left of L.
5 L is on the left side to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 P and S are parallel, and P is over S.
2 Q is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
3 P and D are in a vertical line with D below P.
4 E is directly below D.
5 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
6 E is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	below	1
1 L is over there with I above.
2 N is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face N.
3 I and Z are horizontal and I is to the left of Z.
4 L is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
5 Z is to the bottom left of Y.
6 B presents left to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	above	1
1 Y is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 Q is sitting at the upper right position to V.
3 Q is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower righthand corner.
4 H is below Q at 4 o'clock.
5 D is below S at 4 o'clock.
6 L is to the right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object R.
2 M is directly south east of U.
3 S is over there with R above.
4 V and L are both there with the object V is to the left of object L.
5 X is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 I is upper left of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	above	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
2 B and K are parallel, and B is to the right of K.
3 L is sitting at the upper right position to V.
4 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
5 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
6 F is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the right of E.
2 F is above and to the right of G.
3 O and L are side by side with O on the top and L at the bottom.
4 H is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 E is on the left side to H.
6 If E is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	right	1
1 E is positioned in the top left corner of B.
2 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 Z is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
4 L is positioned below M.
5 F is below E.
6 B is at the bottom of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 X is sitting at the upper right position to A.
2 A and U are horizontal and A is to the left of U.
3 C is south west of P.
4 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
5 H is directly south west of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 T is to the bottom-left of K.
2 Q and T are next to each other with T on the right and Q on the left.
3 N is directly south east of K.
4 N is to the top-right of R.
5 P is to the bottom left of S.
6 J is placed at the upper left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 L is above and to the right of N.
2 D is positioned right to R.
3 M and Q are parallel, and M on the right of Q.
4 P is sitting at the lower right position to L.
5 B is sitting at the lower position to M.
6 N and M are side by side with N to the left and M to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 O is to the left of Z.
3 B is positioned in the top left corner of P.
4 C is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
5 T is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 Z is placed at the lower right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	below	1
1 B is above D and to the left of D.
2 Object B is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
3 N and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
4 The objects Z and U are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
5 Q is positioned in the top left corner of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	left	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 C and A are parallel, and C on the left of A.
3 W is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 The object C is positioned directly below the object H.
5 H and W are side by side with H to the right and W to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the right side and below N.
2 C is north east of O.
3 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
4 B is positioned above and to the left of U.
5 If K is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
2 Y is diagonally above D to the right at a 45 degree.
3 D is over there and K is directly above it.
4 Y is south west of W.
5 P is above D at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 A is lower right of H.
3 The objects X and U are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 G is placed in the right direction of H.
5 H and Q are both there with the object H is to the right of object Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 K is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
2 W and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
3 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
4 P is positioned down and to the left of C.
5 E is directly below I.
6 L is upper right to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	left	1
1 S and K are parallel, and S on the left of K.
2 K is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 K is positioned right to U.
4 Z is to the top of W vertically.
5 U is north east of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 K is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 G is over there and X is on the left.
3 F is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower righthand corner.
4 Y is to the bottom left of P.
5 The object K is positioned directly below the object F.
6 P is diagonally left and below K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	below	1
1 U is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
2 F is positioned in the front right corner of U.
3 I is on the left and J is on the right.
4 If Q is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
5 C is below U at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there and G is on the right.
2 P is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
3 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
4 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
5 R is on the right side to G.
6 P is sitting at the lower left position to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	above	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 R is positioned below D.
3 R is positioned up and to the right of K.
4 T is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
5 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
6 L is to the upper left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	right	1
1 W is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face W.
2 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
3 O is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 M is over P.
5 N is sitting at the upper right position to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 J and S are horizontal and J is to the right of S.
2 M is on the left side to H.
3 C is over there with S below.
4 U is on top of J.
5 F is on the lower right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of H.
2 S and M are parallel, and S is over M.
3 Z is directly below L.
4 I is over there and C is on the right.
5 C is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 M is above and to the right of Q.
3 Q and Z are parallel, and Q is on top of Z.
4 U is on the left side of and below Q.
5 S is to the top-right of E.
6 M is positioned in the front right corner of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
2 V presents upper right to R.
3 R is upper left of J.
4 M is at the bottom of X vertically.
5 J presents upper right to X.
6 The objects G and U are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 I is south east of C.
2 B and X are side by side with B on the top and X at the bottom.
3 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
4 E is sitting at the lower right position to B.
5 H is above X at 10 o'clock.
6 K and H are next to each other with H at the bottom K on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 D is at the bottom and K is on the top.
2 V is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
3 G is sitting in the left direction of M.
4 G is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
5 P is over there with T below.
6 M is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	above	1
1 O is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 B is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
3 Q and T are parallel, and Q on the right of T.
4 O presents upper right to Q.
5 P is on the left side to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	right	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
2 G is below X.
3 O is above W and to the left of W.
4 Y and X are in a vertical line with Y on top.
5 H and W are side by side with W at the bottom and H on the top.
6 Z and P are side by side with Z to the right and P to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of R.
2 Y is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 J is directly above I.
4 Q is on the lower right of F.
5 Q is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 X is below and to the right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the left of D.
2 T presents below D.
3 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
4 D is north west of J.
5 N is diagonally right and above S.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	right	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 H is positioned right to O.
3 I is over there and B is at the bottom of it.
4 Q is to the bottom left of A.
5 O is diagonally right and below G.
6 Q is to the bottom-right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 Q is to the top right of C.
2 The object N and D are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 N is positioned above Q and to the left.
4 X is south east of G.
5 D is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is north east of C.
2 A is on the lower right of P.
3 Y is above C at 10 o'clock.
4 V and C are in a vertical line with C below V.
5 V and E are both there with the object V is to the right of object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, X is located between 10 and 11.
2 D is to the left of I horizontally.
3 Y is diagonally above F to the right at a 45 degree.
4 Y is to the left of R horizontally.
5 Y and D are next to each other with Y on the left and D on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
2 J and W are next to each other with W on the right and J on the left.
3 J is on the lower right of H.
4 O and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
5 Y is under N.
6 The object W is positioned directly below the object R.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	below	1
1 J is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
2 J is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 The objects F and J are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
4 Z is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 L is to the bottom left of Z.
6 T is at A's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed at the lower right of B.
2 G is sitting at the lower left position to T.
3 B is over there and K is on the right of it.
4 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
5 Q is over there and C is directly below it.
6 K is above and to the right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Y is directly south east of T.
2 E is above and to the right of I.
3 F is to the right of Z horizontally.
4 Object M is below object E and to the left of it, too.
5 The object Z is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the top side to Z.
2 R is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
4 I is on the upper right of E.
5 Z is over there and G is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting in the left direction of M.
2 E and Q are next to each other with E on the top and Q at the bottom.
3 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
4 A is placed on the top of U.
5 F is above Z and to the right of Z.
6 Z and Q are parallel, and Z on the right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to M.
2 Q is placed at the lower left of A.
3 Q is to the right of P.
4 B is directly south east of C.
5 Q is lower left to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Z is above D and to the right of D.
2 P is placed at the lower right of K.
3 Z presents below P.
4 O is placed at the upper right of P.
5 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 P is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 The object D and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
3 W is at N's 12 o'clock.
4 V is lower right of W.
5 M is over there and N is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 I and Y are parallel, and I is to the left of Y.
2 B is to the top of Y vertically.
3 I is placed in the right direction of T.
4 I is placed at the lower left of N.
5 H is sitting in the right direction of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	left	1
1 G is at H's 6 o'clock.
2 E and J are both there with the object E above the object J.
3 N and G are side by side with G at the bottom and N on the top.
4 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
5 H is under Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	above	1
1 H is on the right side and below I.
2 B is below S at 7 o'clock.
3 T is placed at the upper left of C.
4 F and B are parallel, and F is to the left of B.
5 F is diagonally left and above F.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	above	1
1 Z presents below G.
2 O and X are parallel, and X is below O.
3 M is over there with H below.
4 O is to the bottom-left of B.
5 If Z is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned above V and to the right.
2 L is below N and to the left of N.
3 Y is over there and X is on the top of it.
4 P is at J's 6 o'clock.
5 V and P are in a vertical line with P below V.
6 X is on the top side to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 W is above and to the right of O.
2 O is under E.
3 P is over there and V is on the left of it.
4 Z is to the top-left of U.
5 N is directly south east of W.
6 N and Z are parallel, and N is on top of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 G is below K at 4 o'clock.
2 If N is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
3 R is positioned below Y and to the right.
4 G is directly below E.
5 K is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object U is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 Q is at the bottom and A is on the top.
4 V is directly below Q.
5 L is placed at the bottom of D.
6 G is upper right to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
2 J is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 M is to the upper left of P.
4 If P is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
5 Y is placed in the right direction of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
2 B presents upper right to R.
3 H is at the bottom of L.
4 L is directly north west of B.
5 S is placed at the bottom of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 M and O are next to each other with O at the bottom M on the top.
2 N is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
3 Z is to the bottom left of G.
4 N is placed at the upper right of I.
5 U is sitting at the top position to K.
6 I is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 E is at D's 6 o'clock.
2 D is diagonally left and below K.
3 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
4 F is below J at 4 o'clock.
5 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 B is placed on the top of R.
2 L is to the top right of K.
3 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
4 H is on the right and E is on the left.
5 K and X are parallel, and K on the left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	left	1
1 J and B are horizontal and J is to the left of B.
2 E and U are horizontal and E is to the right of U.
3 Z is under T.
4 J is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 J is placed at the lower right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	right	1
1 B is on the left side of and below G.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 Y is placed at the lower left of N.
4 Y is to the upper left of B.
5 G is below Q and to the right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	right	1
1 C is above G and to the right of G.
2 R is placed at the upper right of J.
3 M and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
4 U is positioned above E and to the left.
5 A is on the upper right of C.
6 U is directly below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 G is below S.
2 G is to the upper left of O.
3 Z is positioned in the front right corner of D.
4 N presents right to Y.
5 G is to the top-left of D.
6 D is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 H is diagonally to the upper right of D.
3 M is positioned right to X.
4 D presents upper left to A.
5 R and Y are horizontal and R is to the left of Y.
6 D and Y are both there with the object D is to the right of object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	below	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
2 W is below H.
3 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
4 D is sitting at the lower position to W.
5 I is positioned in the front right corner of M.
6 D is below X with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	below	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper right of R.
2 W is above L and to the right of L.
3 The objects V and L are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
4 E and X are in a vertical line with X below E.
5 V is to the bottom left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 O is directly above V.
3 K is on the right side and top of G.
4 C is positioned left to O.
5 V is positioned below and to the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	right	1
1 L and F are vertical and L is above F.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
3 D is to the bottom-left of H.
4 L is below and to the right of W.
5 J is upper right to F.
6 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 B is placed at the bottom of O.
2 O is sitting at the lower left position to K.
3 B is to the top of U vertically.
4 I and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
5 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the lower left position to T.
2 A is above R and to the left of R.
3 S is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 J is south west of I.
5 F is to the upper left of I.
6 S is over there and C is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at N's 3 o'clock.
2 U is upper left of Z.
3 Z is directly south west of C.
4 If M is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
5 The objects S and U are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 N is directly above P.
2 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
3 F is directly north west of S.
4 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
5 P is positioned above and to the left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object S.
2 H is south east of G.
3 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
4 B and H are in a vertical line with H below B.
5 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 T is directly below W.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
3 The object Y is positioned directly above the object R.
4 S is over there with B above.
5 V is positioned above and to the left of B.
6 R is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 G is directly south east of Z.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 K is over there and M is on the left of it.
4 M is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
6 T is above and to the right of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 The object M is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled C.
3 H and J are parallel, and J is below H.
4 Z is sitting at the lower position to E.
5 V is to the top-right of C.
6 E is positioned left to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the top position to Z.
2 Y is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Z and A are parallel, and A is below Z.
4 D is positioned below J and to the left.
5 O is over there and Z is on the left of it.
6 A is over there and R is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	right	1
1 W is above Y.
2 H is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
3 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
4 The object W and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object W.
5 S is to the top right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned down and to the left of G.
2 Y is below and to the left of A.
3 D is placed at the upper left of Q.
4 The object Q and R are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
5 The object H and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
6 D is sitting at the lower position to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
2 D is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
3 B is positioned below Y and to the left.
4 X and P are in a vertical line with P below X.
5 B and U are in a vertical line with B on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is directly below M.
2 Q and U are both there with the object U below the object Q.
3 V is sitting at the lower left position to A.
4 V and M are horizontal and V is to the left of M.
5 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
6 D and J are side by side with D on the top and J at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	below	1
1 Z is over there and V is directly below it.
2 U is on the right side and top of E.
3 Q is positioned above X.
4 X is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 Q is directly north east of T.
6 F is placed in the left direction of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
2 K and D are parallel, and K is to the left of D.
3 N is over there and M is on the top of it.
4 J is above D at 2 o'clock.
5 D presents lower left to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	right	1
1 D is over there with Y below.
2 G is on the left side to Y.
3 B is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
4 H is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 B is positioned right to D.
6 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Z is on the lower right of I.
2 The object I and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 W is at Y's 6 o'clock.
4 G is at the bottom of T.
5 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting in the left direction of W.
2 U is under H.
3 S is positioned in the lower left corner of J.
4 W and U are parallel, and W is to the right of U.
5 Z is north east of W.
6 X and C are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 G is sitting at the lower right position to W.
2 Y is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 H and R are parallel, and R is below H.
4 The object F is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
5 O is on the lower right of F.
6 F is to the upper left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the left side and above G.
2 D is placed at the lower left of V.
3 U is at V's 6 o'clock.
4 D and A are in a vertical line with D on top.
5 I is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
6 S is over there with U above.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned below A.
2 V is placed in the right direction of A.
3 U is directly south east of E.
4 J is above and to the left of K.
5 H is diagonally to the upper right of V.
6 D is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 U and L are both there with the object L below the object U.
2 Z is sitting at the lower position to N.
3 S is under J.
4 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
5 O presents lower left to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 V and D are parallel, and V on the right of D.
2 F is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 X and C are side by side with X to the left and C to the right.
4 U is on the top and F is at the bottom.
5 C is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
3 The object R and Q are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
4 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object W.
5 F is above R and to the left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
2 N is positioned above C and to the left.
3 T is on the lower right of S.
4 N is on the left and V is on the right.
5 L is diagonally to the upper right of I.
6 C is over there and F is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the 6 o'clock position relative to X.
2 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
3 If T is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
4 Z is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
5 B is sitting at the top position to K.
6 If A is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	left	1
1 G is north west of I.
2 V and I are side by side with V to the left and I to the right.
3 V is to the upper left of P.
4 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
5 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 F is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
3 X and D are next to each other with D on the right and X on the left.
4 O and X are parallel, and O on the right of X.
5 G is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 J is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
2 Q is to the left of V with a small gap between them.
3 Q and E are both there with the object Q above the object E.
4 Q is placed at the upper right of S.
5 D and B are next to each other with B at the bottom D on the top.
6 M is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the left and I is on the right.
2 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
3 A is to the bottom right of H.
4 Z is under S.
5 Z and A are side by side with Z on the top and A at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
2 S is sitting in the right direction of Y.
3 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
4 E presents below K.
5 I and Y are parallel, and I is to the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	below	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
2 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
3 C is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 Q is over there and R is on the left of it.
5 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
6 The objects Z and A are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 X is placed at the lower right of C.
3 H and O are parallel, and H is on top of O.
4 O is directly north east of P.
5 H and F are parallel, and F is below H.
6 If B is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting in the right direction of U.
2 The object H and S are there. The object S is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 J is diagonally below U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
5 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	right	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
2 V is on the lower left of I.
3 L is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
4 L is positioned below and to the right of T.
5 Y and O are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	left	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 E is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Y is lower right of T.
4 X is south west of Y.
5 V and H are next to each other with V on the top and H at the bottom.
6 U is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 T is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 N is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face N.
3 Object V is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
4 The objects M and A are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
5 T presents over P.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
2 Y is at the bottom and A is on the top.
3 U and M are parallel, and M is below U.
4 Z is sitting at the lower right position to W.
5 W is sitting at the upper left position to O.
6 A is below G with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 T is placed on the top of C.
2 K is to the right of C horizontally.
3 B is upper left of T.
4 W is sitting in the right direction of V.
5 T is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 T is to the bottom-left of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
3 V is below Y with a small gap between them.
4 F is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
5 J presents right to Y.
6 If C is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	below	1
1 H is below A and to the right of A.
2 B is positioned above L and to the left.
3 H is at the bottom and W is on the top.
4 A is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 N is below Y.
3 P is on the left side of and below D.
4 N is to the left of O horizontally.
5 G and D are parallel, and G is on top of D.
6 Q and S are both there with the object Q is to the left of object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	right	1
1 V is over N.
2 M is to the top of Y vertically.
3 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
4 N and C are both there with the object C below the object N.
5 Z and P are parallel, and Z is to the right of P.
6 J presents lower right to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	left	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
2 D presents right to O.
3 O is on top of V.
4 O presents below X.
5 Y is directly south east of C.
6 U is above and to the right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Z presents below N.
2 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
3 I and B are both there with the object I is to the right of object B.
4 I is there and Z is at the 2 position of a clock face I.
5 Z is directly below Q.
6 J is over there and F is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
2 O presents upper right to N.
3 L is sitting at the upper right position to S.
4 A is placed in the left direction of S.
5 Q is sitting at the upper left position to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 L and M are parallel, and L is to the right of M.
2 U is to the bottom-left of V.
3 X is positioned right to O.
4 U and M are parallel, and U is to the left of M.
5 Z and L are side by side with Z on the top and L at the bottom.
6 U is sitting in the left direction of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 W is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 V is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 D is over there and I is on the left of it.
4 P is below G with a small gap between them.
5 I is to the right of P horizontally.
6 I is at the lower side of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	right	1
1 F is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 Q is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 D is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 O is positioned in the lower right corner of F.
5 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the right side and top of A.
2 Q and Y are vertical and Q is below Y.
3 F is south west of N.
4 A and Q are both there with the object Q below the object A.
5 E is to the left of R horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	below	1
1 V and B are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
2 S is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 J is at Z's 3 o'clock.
4 The objects J and Q are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
5 Y and J are parallel, and Y on the left of J.
6 Y and S are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 D and H are both there with the object D above the object H.
2 U is on the right side to V.
3 Object Q is above object U and to the left of it, too.
4 The object D is positioned directly below the object U.
5 B and C are next to each other with B on the top and C at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the top-left of Z.
2 E is north east of H.
3 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
4 A is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 I is below E with a small gap between them.
6 Object I is below object M and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned in the top left corner of M.
2 Z is at P's 3 o'clock.
3 U is sitting at the top position to Z.
4 The object U is positioned directly above the object C.
5 Y is directly below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	above	1
1 R and G are side by side with R to the left and G to the right.
2 M is to the top of V vertically.
3 E is below K.
4 G is directly north east of K.
5 D is over there and E is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object G.
2 E is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 H is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 L is positioned down and to the left of W.
5 E is positioned up and to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
2 G is below O and to the left of O.
3 The objects S and M are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
4 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
5 Y and T are both there with the object Y above the object T.
6 Y is placed on the top of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 B is to the top right of Y.
2 N is over there and U is on the right.
3 F is over there and U is on the left of it.
4 S is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 F and S are both there with the object F above the object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	below	1
1 N is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
3 R and P are parallel, and P is below R.
4 R is directly below N.
5 P and F are side by side with F at the bottom and P on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	right	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
2 U is below G at 4 o'clock.
3 M is at G's 3 o'clock.
4 K is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
5 V is over there with G above.
6 T presents over M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	below	1
1 F is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
2 O and X are both there with the object X below the object O.
3 P is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 H is placed at the upper left of B.
5 O is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the top of Q vertically.
2 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
3 E is over there with C below.
4 Q and E are parallel, and E is below Q.
5 C is diagonally right and below O.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	above	1
1 V is positioned below and to the right of A.
2 K presents over V.
3 C presents lower left to A.
4 K is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
5 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
6 I and Q are parallel, and I is under Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	left	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
2 W is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 N is over A.
4 The objects N and W are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
5 S is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
2 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
3 The objects A and M are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
4 N and J are next to each other with J at the bottom N on the top.
5 J is sitting at the lower position to M.
6 Q and M are next to each other with Q on the top and M at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
2 E is on the left side of and below G.
3 If C is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
4 W is at the lower side of F.
5 R is positioned up and to the right of E.
6 B and R are parallel, and B is to the right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 V is on the left side of and below K.
2 B is at K’s 9 o'clock.
3 K is below J at 7 o'clock.
4 D is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 V is positioned below and to the right of T.
6 G is over there and B is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	below	1
1 N and R are side by side with N to the right and R to the left.
2 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
3 S is to the top-left of P.
4 The object N is positioned directly below the object M.
5 S is at M's 6 o'clock.
6 S is at the lower side of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 B presents right to A.
2 X is at B's 12 o'clock.
3 O and F are parallel, and O is on top of F.
4 H is north east of X.
5 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the right side and below Q.
2 The objects O and A are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 Q is lower left to K.
4 H is positioned left to B.
5 O is above G and to the left of G.
6 X is placed at the bottom of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 B is sitting at the lower position to U.
2 D is positioned down and to the left of X.
3 Q is above and to the right of V.
4 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
5 D is on top of I.
6 I is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	below	1
1 F is diagonally left and above F.
2 F is on the left side of and below R.
3 O is over there with R above.
4 R is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
5 R and P are vertical and R is above P.
6 S is over there and W is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	below	1
1 C and Z are side by side with C on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
3 N is below C and to the right of C.
4 V and S are in a vertical line with S below V.
5 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 C and B are vertical and C is below B.
2 C is positioned below and to the right of Z.
3 I is to the left of G.
4 U presents below O.
5 G and R are vertical and G is above R.
6 If C is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 M is to the left of O horizontally.
3 A is on the right and G is on the left.
4 S is lower left to N.
5 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 U is below N and to the left of N.
2 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
3 H is above J.
4 X is over there and D is on the left of it.
5 X is positioned below and to the right of J.
6 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	below	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper left of W.
2 Q is positioned in the front right corner of K.
3 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
4 H and D are in a vertical line with H on top.
5 D is above and to the right of J.
6 J is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 G and S are side by side with G on the top and S at the bottom.
2 S is below N and to the right of N.
3 I and S are vertical and I is above S.
4 C is above G and to the left of G.
5 G is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 Q is south east of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 G is placed in the right direction of Y.
2 Z is below and to the right of R.
3 R is upper right to W.
4 G and W are horizontal and G is to the right of W.
5 X is placed at the bottom of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	right	1
1 S is over there and U is directly below it.
2 Q is over there and M is on the left.
3 D and U are next to each other with D on the top and U at the bottom.
4 R is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 R is on the right side and below U.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 E is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 B is on the right side and below A.
3 A is sitting at the upper left position to N.
4 T is sitting at the lower position to N.
5 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	above	1
1 K and P are both there with the object K is to the right of object P.
2 C is south west of O.
3 A is placed in the right direction of G.
4 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
5 K and C are side by side with C at the bottom and K on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	right	1
1 K presents over M.
2 Z is over S.
3 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
4 B is over there and R is directly above it.
5 S and H are horizontal and S is to the left of H.
6 S is positioned below and to the right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	right	1
1 F is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
2 D is at the bottom of A.
3 The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
4 A presents upper left to R.
5 If K is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
6 M is over there and F is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	below	1
1 I is at the lower side of C.
2 P is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 O is positioned above and to the left of U.
4 U is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 E is positioned right to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 A is directly above U.
2 R is above A and to the right of A.
3 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
4 R is on the left side of and below F.
5 V is under R.
6 G presents below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	above	1
1 H and I are side by side with I at the bottom and H on the top.
2 J is above H with a small gap between them.
3 J is directly south east of C.
4 R is placed on the top of H.
5 C is positioned below F and to the left.
6 S is positioned below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 T is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 W is on the top side to Q.
4 If A is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
5 E is placed on the top of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 O and G are next to each other with O on the left and G on the right.
2 A is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
3 O is on the right and F is on the left.
4 L is diagonally to the upper right of F.
5 O is sitting at the upper left position to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting in the left direction of D.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
3 B is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 O is to the bottom-right of Q.
5 Y is placed at the bottom of B.
6 J and X are parallel, and J is over X.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 X is placed at the bottom of I.
2 G is at the bottom and X is on the top.
3 J and S are parallel, and J is to the right of S.
4 If T is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
5 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
6 If I is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the left side to W.
2 M is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 B is positioned above and to the left of H.
4 The object W is positioned directly below the object V.
5 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 K is above B.
2 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 J is over there and K is on the top of it.
4 P is sitting at the lower right position to X.
5 L and J are parallel, and L on the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	below	1
1 E is above and to the left of A.
2 Z and E are next to each other with Z on the left and E on the right.
3 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
4 A is at the bottom of X.
5 B is sitting in the right direction of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	right	1
1 J and S are next to each other with J on the top and S at the bottom.
2 J and T are both there with the object J above the object T.
3 C is on the upper right of U.
4 S and P are both there with the object S is to the left of object P.
5 If T is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 C and O are horizontal and C is to the left of O.
2 The object H and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 The object H and U are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 U is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
5 C is sitting in the left direction of A.
6 S and E are vertical and S is above E.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned below L and to the left.
2 T is above W at 2 o'clock.
3 The objects A and C are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object C.
4 M is diagonally left and below A.
5 M and W are next to each other with W on the right and M on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 U is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
2 M is at U's 12 o'clock.
3 Object M is below object W and to the right of it, too.
4 P and L are parallel, and P is to the right of L.
5 Z is placed in the right direction of M.
6 U is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the right side and top of C.
2 B is lower right of S.
3 Y is at the lower side of P.
4 B is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Z and X are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
2 R is diagonally left and below G.
3 U is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 S and U are in a vertical line with S on top.
5 D is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
2 Q is to the bottom-right of W.
3 R is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
4 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
5 T and R are side by side with T on the top and R at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	below	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
2 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
3 N is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
5 W is positioned below Q and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 G presents right to I.
2 L and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
3 G is over there and Z is on the top of it.
4 L is on the lower right of F.
5 P is on the left side of and below K.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the bottom-right of A.
2 H is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
3 M is on top of R.
4 W and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and W on the left.
5 L and M are parallel, and L on the left of M.
6 L is diagonally right and above Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 N and M are side by side with M at the bottom and N on the top.
2 O is on the lower right of P.
3 If P is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
4 V is diagonally left and below Y.
5 P and E are both there with the object P above the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 The objects C and Q are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 I is positioned below and to the right of R.
3 E is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
4 I is positioned right to T.
5 R is placed at the bottom of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 I and V are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
2 Q and K are side by side with Q to the right and K to the left.
3 Z is positioned in the front right corner of E.
4 If H is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
5 Q is to the right of H horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	right	1
1 C is lower left to E.
2 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
3 B and C are both there with the object B is to the right of object C.
4 U and B are vertical and U is above B.
5 L is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 R is on the left side and above J.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 K is over there and X is on the right of it.
2 I and Q are side by side with I to the right and Q to the left.
3 H is below E at 7 o'clock.
4 Q is sitting in the right direction of E.
5 E is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
2 K and Y are side by side with K on the top and Y at the bottom.
3 T is positioned above Y.
4 Z is sitting at the lower position to C.
5 X and K are parallel, and K is below X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	right	1
1 N and R are both there with the object N is to the left of object R.
2 R is diagonally below K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 O is positioned above B.
4 D and K are parallel, and D is to the right of K.
5 If Y is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	right	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
2 W is positioned below and to the right of H.
3 I is positioned in the top left corner of G.
4 The object B and V are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object V.
5 E is lower right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 U is over there and O is on the left.
2 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
3 F is positioned left to R.
4 X is sitting at the upper right position to F.
5 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the upper right of M.
2 J and K are next to each other with J on the left and K on the right.
3 E is to the top of J vertically.
4 I is directly south west of Z.
5 M and B are side by side with M on the top and B at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	right	1
1 X is above J and to the left of J.
2 Y is sitting at the upper right position to V.
3 O is above and to the left of P.
4 X is directly above V.
5 V is to the left of N horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 C is at the bottom and K is on the top.
3 B and C are horizontal and B is to the right of C.
4 Y is to the right of I horizontally.
5 R is to the top-right of H.
6 H and K are both there with the object H is to the left of object K.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	above	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
2 X and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
3 Z is on the left side and above J.
4 W is lower right of D.
5 V and X are side by side with V to the right and X to the left.
6 V is to the right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 M is positioned up and to the right of C.
2 W is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 E is to the top right of Q.
4 E is over there and F is on the left.
5 C is directly south west of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	left	1
1 S is under W.
2 S is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
3 D is over there and C is on the top of it.
4 C is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
5 F presents left to G.
6 D is to the left of W horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	above	1
1 Q is over there and Z is on the right.
2 A and E are both there with the object A above the object E.
3 C is on the lower left of Q.
4 Q is on top of J.
5 D and Z are next to each other with D on the left and Z on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	above	1
1 A is directly north west of I.
2 W is to the bottom-right of S.
3 I is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
4 C is sitting at the lower right position to I.
5 C is on the right and F is on the left.
6 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 X and B are parallel, and X is to the left of B.
2 R is on the top and I is at the bottom.
3 K presents upper left to Z.
4 I is above H and to the right of H.
5 U is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 B and U are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 L is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 S and H are in a vertical line with H below S.
3 Z is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 N and B are vertical and N is below B.
5 L is over there with Z below.
6 T is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 B is positioned down and to the left of N.
3 O is south west of M.
4 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
5 W is directly north east of R.
6 V and I are next to each other with V on the left and I on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 K presents over P.
2 The objects X and F are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 J is sitting at the lower left position to P.
4 C is on the lower left of P.
5 E is over there and K is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
2 S is sitting in the left direction of T.
3 V is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 S is on the top and V is at the bottom.
5 J and E are parallel, and J is to the right of E.
6 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	right	1
1 B is to the right of X horizontally.
2 X is above N at 10 o'clock.
3 G is sitting at the upper right position to X.
4 M is to the left of B.
5 F and M are vertical and F is above M.
6 P is on the left side and above O.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 Y is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
3 Y presents upper left to B.
4 N is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
6 D is placed at the lower left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 M is below V and to the left of V.
2 M is above K.
3 C presents upper right to N.
4 X is to the right of M.
5 H is on the lower left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the right of Y.
2 G and O are parallel, and G on the left of O.
3 Y is directly above W.
4 T is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
5 W is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is placed at the upper right of P.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 C is to the bottom left of K.
4 L is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
5 R and Q are horizontal and R is to the right of Q.
6 C is to the bottom-right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	above	1
1 Q is north east of F.
2 L is on the top side to Q.
3 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
4 K and S are both there with the object S below the object K.
5 The objects V and I are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
6 I is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	below	1
1 Z is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 C is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 I is below and to the right of U.
4 X is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
5 I is directly above B.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Q and L are both there with the object Q is to the right of object L.
2 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
3 D is positioned down and to the left of G.
4 A presents lower left to C.
5 A is above K with a small gap between them.
6 D and K are parallel, and D is over K.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
2 N is over there and T is on the left.
3 P is sitting at the lower position to K.
4 P is on the upper right of M.
5 P and Z are both there with the object Z below the object P.
6 C is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Y is placed at the upper right of L.
2 R presents lower right to E.
3 L is to the bottom-left of P.
4 L is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
5 D and H are both there with the object H below the object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The objects N and Z are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 F is directly below Q.
3 X is to the bottom-right of F.
4 F and G are vertical and F is above G.
5 M is over there with Q below.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	above	1
1 M is over there and X is on the right.
2 M is placed in the right direction of A.
3 Z is on the left and A is on the right.
4 Y is at I's 12 o'clock.
5 H is on the lower right of L.
6 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 M is on top of K.
2 C is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 Y is over there with I below.
4 C is over there and T is on the top of it.
5 C and Y are parallel, and C is on top of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the lower left position to U.
2 X is on the left side of and below A.
3 Q is south east of Z.
4 Q is at X's 3 o'clock.
5 If B is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	below	1
1 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
2 P is on the right side to U.
3 U is over there and Y is on the right of it.
4 Y is to the left of E horizontally.
5 P is positioned right to M.
6 X is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	left	1
1 G is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
2 W is upper left of B.
3 N is placed at the upper right of W.
4 C is directly south west of S.
5 G is placed at the bottom of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 V is placed at the upper left of Q.
2 A and J are next to each other with J on the right and A on the left.
3 S is to the upper left of A.
4 Q is to the bottom-left of J.
5 N is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
2 W is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 I is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 F presents below N.
5 V is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	right	1
1 C and M are side by side with C to the left and M to the right.
2 U is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face U.
3 V is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
4 D is positioned above and to the left of M.
5 N is over there and V is on the top of it.
6 X is on the right and N is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 Z and W are next to each other with Z on the left and W on the right.
2 S presents left to Y.
3 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
4 S is above W.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
6 N is positioned above D and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 Q and M are side by side with Q to the left and M to the right.
2 T is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
3 L is at the bottom of S vertically.
4 Q is at L's 6 o'clock.
5 W and S are both there with the object W is to the left of object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 E is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
2 E is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
3 I is placed at the upper left of J.
4 K is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 Z is below J and to the right of J.
6 Q is upper left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
2 I is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 S is to the top-right of V.
4 W and L are parallel, and W on the right of L.
5 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 P is positioned below I and to the right.
3 M is on the left side to Y.
4 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
5 T is sitting at the lower right position to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 B is south east of G.
2 E is sitting at the top position to Y.
3 G is placed at the bottom of U.
4 R is below P and to the left of P.
5 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
6 E presents right to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	below	1
1 T is diagonally right and below G.
2 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
3 K is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 K is to the upper left of V.
5 N is over there and T is directly above it.
6 A is upper right to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 G and P are both there with the object G is to the right of object P.
2 Q is on the left side to F.
3 Z is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
4 C is below Q with a small gap between them.
5 Z is on the top and O is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	below	1
1 R is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 J and R are horizontal and J is to the right of R.
3 K is over there with V below.
4 G is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
5 T is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
6 W is on the left and U is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	left	1
1 U and L are next to each other with U on the left and L on the right.
2 P and S are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
3 P is on the upper right of N.
4 S is on the lower right of Z.
5 P is below and to the left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 O and I are horizontal and O is to the right of I.
3 V is positioned down and to the left of Q.
4 Y is to the bottom right of X.
5 O is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 T is at Y's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 R is positioned above G and to the left.
3 A is on the upper right of G.
4 G is diagonally right and above I.
5 F is placed at the upper right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V is below F and to the left of F.
2 N is sitting at the upper right position to T.
3 T is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
4 Q is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 N presents upper right to O.
6 Z is placed at the lower left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 N is upper left of O.
2 O is diagonally right and below T.
3 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
4 Q is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Y and C are in a vertical line with C below Y.
6 L is on the left side to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
2 K is on the right and H is on the left.
3 D is above N at 2 o'clock.
4 J and H are horizontal and J is to the left of H.
5 O is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 H is on top of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 N and O are next to each other with N on the left and O on the right.
2 S is north east of W.
3 N is positioned left to W.
4 U is on the right side to T.
5 V is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
2 Y presents upper right to L.
3 L is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
4 K is on the left and B is on the right.
5 X and Z are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the left and W is on the right.
2 N is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 N and C are parallel, and N is to the right of C.
4 C is over there and H is on the left of it.
5 O is to the left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 C and X are parallel, and C is over X.
2 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
3 B is at N's 12 o'clock.
4 X and J are next to each other with J on the right and X on the left.
5 Z is over there and W is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	right	1
1 T presents upper right to I.
2 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 The object N is positioned directly above the object G.
4 O is placed at the upper left of V.
5 T is at X’s 9 o'clock.
6 K is north east of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	right	1
1 Object D is above object V and to the left of it, too.
2 D and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
3 V presents upper right to I.
4 O is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
5 Object D is above object J and to the left of it, too.
6 C is on the right side and top of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the top of N vertically.
2 E is directly south west of A.
3 G presents below E.
4 U is over there and N is on the left of it.
5 G is directly south west of T.
6 V is on the left side of and below W.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	right	1
1 F is on top of E.
2 W is below X and to the right of X.
3 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 H and E are next to each other with E on the right and H on the left.
5 G is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 O is upper right to M.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
3 X is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
4 B is on the upper right of E.
5 C is lower left to U.
6 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 X is above O at 2 o'clock.
3 F is at the bottom and V is on the top.
4 B is to the top-left of G.
5 V is sitting at the lower right position to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	right	1
1 E and Z are horizontal and E is to the left of Z.
2 S is positioned above J and to the right.
3 Y is to the right of S.
4 Y is below and to the right of X.
5 D is over there and X is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	right	1
1 J presents lower right to M.
2 J is positioned in the front right corner of K.
3 E is above W.
4 K is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 K and X are both there with the object K is to the left of object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	right	1
1 C is on the left side of and below K.
2 U is positioned up and to the right of C.
3 F is on the right side and top of Y.
4 If P is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
5 The objects O and C are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object C.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 T presents lower left to U.
2 M is to the top right of U.
3 T and E are next to each other with E on the right and T on the left.
4 Y is diagonally right and above M.
5 D is lower left to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 T is sitting at the lower position to Q.
2 O is placed at the upper right of K.
3 O is on the left side to S.
4 F and O are parallel, and F on the right of O.
5 J is over there and S is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	right	1
1 W is above T with a small gap between them.
2 W and R are parallel, and R is below W.
3 S is lower left to R.
4 T is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
5 V is diagonally left and above V.
6 I is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	left	1
1 A is to the upper left of U.
2 U is positioned left to F.
3 U is sitting in the left direction of Y.
4 L is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
5 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	left	1
1 D is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 S is placed in the right direction of V.
4 P and L are vertical and P is below L.
5 B is positioned below L and to the right.
6 L is directly above Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	below	1
1 F is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Z and W are side by side with Z to the left and W to the right.
3 J is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
4 Q and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
5 F is diagonally left and above F.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 V is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 C is at the bottom of O vertically.
4 Y is at C's 3 o'clock.
5 Y is on the right side and top of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Object H is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
3 B is upper left of T.
4 U is positioned left to L.
5 H is over there and X is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	right	1
1 Z is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
2 Z is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 Object Z is below object A and to the left of it, too.
4 D is diagonally above T to the right at a 45 degree.
5 A is at the bottom and W is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 A and W are next to each other with A on the left and W on the right.
2 The object H and D are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 I and N are parallel, and N is below I.
4 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
5 A presents upper left to I.
6 A is placed at the bottom of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	above	1
1 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to K.
2 D and G are vertical and D is above G.
3 O is at Z's 3 o'clock.
4 Z and G are side by side with Z to the left and G to the right.
5 O is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 W is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 N is over there and S is directly above it.
2 N and X are vertical and N is below X.
3 S is to the top right of K.
4 L is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
5 Q and X are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
6 X is positioned left to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	below	1
1 S and I are parallel, and S on the right of I.
2 V is positioned above I.
3 A is at the lower side of P.
4 J is directly south west of R.
5 X is over there with V below.
6 A is over there and X is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
2 Y and Z are vertical and Y is above Z.
3 Y is above R at 10 o'clock.
4 J is on the right side to O.
5 B is on the left side and above F.
6 M is over Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 H and V are side by side with V at the bottom and H on the top.
2 F is directly below N.
3 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
4 M is positioned below V and to the left.
5 M and F are parallel, and M on the left of F.
6 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of U.
2 C and O are next to each other with O on the right and C on the left.
3 U is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 G is on the left side to Q.
5 W and C are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	right	1
1 N is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 R is positioned below C.
3 V and A are side by side with V on the top and A at the bottom.
4 C is diagonally to the upper right of A.
5 I is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 V is on the upper right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 T is sitting at the upper right position to N.
3 K and N are side by side with K to the left and N to the right.
4 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
5 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object D.
6 I and U are parallel, and I is under U.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	right	1
1 K is below Z and to the right of Z.
2 C is above F and to the left of F.
3 N and P are parallel, and N is under P.
4 P is sitting at the 6:00 position to F.
5 P and K are parallel, and P is on top of K.
6 X is directly north west of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 N presents upper left to T.
2 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
3 U and T are parallel, and U is to the left of T.
4 G is positioned in the lower right corner of Q.
5 T presents lower right to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 N is above and to the left of I.
2 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object T.
3 N presents upper left to U.
4 P is to the bottom-right of I.
5 I is upper right to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned above N and to the left.
2 P is on the left side and above A.
3 A and W are parallel, and A is to the right of W.
4 M is at the bottom of W.
5 B is on the right and H is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	above	1
1 O is below P at 7 o'clock.
2 K and V are side by side with K on the top and V at the bottom.
3 B and D are parallel, and D is below B.
4 K is sitting in the left direction of M.
5 D is south west of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	above	1
1 A is positioned right to X.
2 K is placed in the right direction of A.
3 L is positioned above A and to the right.
4 R is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
5 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
6 W is at V's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
2 J is above and to the left of L.
3 Y is over there and S is on the left.
4 U is on the lower left of Y.
5 The objects X and F are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
6 U is directly below R.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 R is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
2 E is placed on the top of Q.
3 Y is below O at 4 o'clock.
4 S is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 Z and Q are side by side with Z to the right and Q to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	left	1
1 D is on top of G.
2 V is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
3 A is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 A is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the bottom-right of W.
2 The object M and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 F is over M.
4 U presents right to I.
5 M and W are horizontal and M is to the left of W.
6 X and F are parallel, and X is over F.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	below	1
1 U is over there and O is on the right of it.
2 E and T are next to each other with E on the top and T at the bottom.
3 B and E are next to each other with E on the right and B on the left.
4 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
5 E is to the left of K horizontally.
6 Object U is below object K and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 E is diagonally right and below R.
3 I is over there and H is directly above it.
4 J is over there and R is on the right of it.
5 V and L are next to each other with V on the left and L on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
2 Z is below and to the right of Y.
3 S is to the top of L vertically.
4 P is sitting in the left direction of J.
5 P is over there and V is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the right side and top of Q.
2 V is directly north west of Z.
3 T is to the bottom right of Q.
4 N is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
5 P is lower left to Q.
6 V is positioned in the top left corner of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Z and N are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
2 O and L are horizontal and O is to the right of L.
3 L is below Z with a small gap between them.
4 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
5 L is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
6 Z is directly north east of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 O and S are both there with the object O is to the left of object S.
2 N is placed at the lower right of Y.
3 R is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 H is on the top side to R.
5 H is sitting in the right direction of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 U and M are parallel, and U on the right of M.
2 H and G are next to each other with G on the right and H on the left.
3 J is on the left side to Z.
4 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
5 G is on the right and V is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	left	1
1 N and Q are parallel, and N is to the right of Q.
2 B and X are vertical and B is above X.
3 B and V are vertical and B is below V.
4 C is on the right side to I.
5 C is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 B is placed at the bottom of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 W is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 Q is sitting in the left direction of S.
3 E and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and E on the top.
4 U is over there and O is directly above it.
5 N and S are next to each other with N on the top and S at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
2 M is positioned below A.
3 A is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
4 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
5 M and W are side by side with M to the right and W to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	right	1
1 M is directly south east of I.
2 J presents below N.
3 S is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 G presents lower right to T.
5 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
6 N is below M and to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
2 Z is above and to the left of W.
3 O is to the bottom-left of N.
4 If J is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
5 Z is positioned right to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 O is positioned below H and to the left.
2 H is at M's 3 o'clock.
3 M is above D at 2 o'clock.
4 V and A are parallel, and V on the right of A.
5 B is positioned below D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 D is lower right of B.
2 S is to the left of T horizontally.
3 K is diagonally left and below N.
4 K is under B.
5 N is on the right side and top of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	left	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
2 L is below Z and to the left of Z.
3 K is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
5 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
6 J is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	right	1
1 W is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 X is to the left of N.
3 C presents upper right to X.
4 C and M are next to each other with C on the left and M on the right.
5 W and S are side by side with W on the top and S at the bottom.
6 K is south east of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	left	1
1 X and T are horizontal and X is to the left of T.
2 I is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 I is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Y is sitting at the upper left position to O.
5 W presents below E.
6 Y is over there and S is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there and I is on the top of it.
2 Y and U are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
3 H is positioned below V and to the right.
4 Y presents lower right to P.
5 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
6 C is above and to the left of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 H is above T at 2 o'clock.
2 W is to the upper left of Q.
3 P is at I's 6 o'clock.
4 The object D and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
5 U is above and to the right of D.
6 The object H and D are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the bottom-right of S.
2 A is north west of S.
3 The object F and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
4 I is at Y's 3 o'clock.
5 A is at the bottom of U vertically.
6 I is placed at the lower left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of C.
2 S is positioned below F.
3 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
4 S and Y are side by side with S to the right and Y to the left.
5 Y and E are parallel, and Y on the right of E.
6 N and F are in a vertical line with F below N.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	right	1
1 M is sitting in the left direction of T.
2 A and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
3 R and M are parallel, and M is below R.
4 A is above R and to the right of R.
5 X is sitting at the lower left position to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned in the front right corner of K.
2 S presents lower right to Z.
3 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object Q.
4 Q is at the bottom and O is on the top.
5 E and T are parallel, and T is below E.
6 S is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
2 R and V are side by side with R on the top and V at the bottom.
3 U is to the bottom-left of E.
4 E is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
5 I is on the right side and top of U.
6 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object E.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 L is under W.
3 F and V are parallel, and V is below F.
4 J is on the left side and above P.
5 W is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
6 Object U is above object W and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents lower right to Y.
2 S is below H and to the right of H.
3 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
4 O is diagonally right and above Y.
5 Y is below and to the right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 H is below V.
3 E is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
4 Q is at E's 6 o'clock.
5 The object T is positioned directly below the object F.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 H and Q are vertical and H is above Q.
2 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 U is lower left to L.
4 B is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 S is sitting at the lower left position to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 S is over there and M is on the right of it.
2 G and E are parallel, and G is under E.
3 R is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
4 T is lower left to E.
5 S is north west of G.
6 E and W are next to each other with W on the right and E on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	right	1
1 I is above and to the left of K.
2 E is on the right side and top of G.
3 If S is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
4 S is over there and A is on the top of it.
5 The object G and M are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	above	1
1 B is on the left side to L.
2 K is at the bottom of H vertically.
3 L and K are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
4 K is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
5 E is positioned below G and to the right.
6 M is directly above X.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	right	1
1 R is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 D is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
3 R and U are horizontal and R is to the left of U.
4 R presents upper left to Y.
5 I is at M’s 9 o'clock.
6 Object U is below object D and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 F is at R’s 9 o'clock.
2 F is sitting at the lower right position to B.
3 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
4 V and R are vertical and V is above R.
5 O is positioned below B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 P is under D.
2 A is above and to the left of M.
3 V and I are next to each other with I on the right and V on the left.
4 M presents left to I.
5 I is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object A.
2 F is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
3 C is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
4 W is at X's 6 o'clock.
5 F is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
6 N is to the left of B horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	below	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 D is positioned in the front right corner of I.
3 D is below and to the left of O.
4 D is at the bottom and A is on the top.
5 N and T are parallel, and N is on top of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	below	1
1 A is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 U is positioned above Y and to the left.
3 Q is over there with A above.
4 H and U are parallel, and H is to the left of U.
5 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	above	1
1 Q is at the bottom and E is on the top.
2 I is directly above M.
3 E is on the left side of and below G.
4 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
5 H is to the top of L vertically.
6 E is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the lower right of V.
2 Z presents upper right to U.
3 R and S are vertical and R is below S.
4 If T is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
5 Z is below X and to the left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 X is over N.
3 T is below E and to the right of E.
4 K is on the lower right of T.
5 M is diagonally to the upper right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 X is positioned up and to the right of U.
2 H is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
3 J is directly south east of T.
4 V is above and to the right of D.
5 H is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	above	1
1 S is above and to the left of H.
2 U is to the bottom right of J.
3 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
4 Y and U are next to each other with U on the right and Y on the left.
5 H is on the lower right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is north east of B.
2 E is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 I presents upper right to T.
4 P is below D with a small gap between them.
5 P and H are parallel, and P is to the left of H.
6 F presents upper right to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	left	1
1 P is above Y at 10 o'clock.
2 C is on the left side to B.
3 If Z is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
4 The object S is positioned directly above the object U.
5 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
6 G and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 W is diagonally right and above A.
3 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object I.
4 K is diagonally left and below A.
5 D is positioned left to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	above	1
1 V is below R.
2 H is above A at 2 o'clock.
3 V is below G with a small gap between them.
4 A is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
5 D is over there and T is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 K is at X’s 9 o'clock.
2 X and Z are parallel, and X on the left of Z.
3 O is sitting at the upper left position to T.
4 P is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
5 V is at Z's 6 o'clock.
6 P is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 G is under X.
2 U is to the top of L vertically.
3 Z and H are vertical and Z is above H.
4 Z is at A's 3 o'clock.
5 H is above G and to the left of G.
6 A is sitting at the upper left position to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 V is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
2 J is positioned above Y and to the left.
3 X is sitting at the top position to G.
4 W is positioned below J.
5 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
3 D and G are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
4 Q is sitting in the right direction of D.
5 E is below G.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face W.
2 M is to the top of T vertically.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
4 W is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
5 O is sitting at the upper left position to J.
6 J is positioned above E.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 B and Z are in a vertical line with Z below B.
2 I is above B with a small gap between them.
3 T is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 Q is on the top and S is at the bottom.
5 Z is placed in the right direction of Y.
6 The objects T and X are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the right of U.
2 Y is over there and O is on the left of it.
3 I is below and to the left of T.
4 If F is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 10 and 11.
5 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 G and A are vertical and G is above A.
2 D is sitting in the right direction of C.
3 A is lower left to F.
4 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
5 M is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
6 T and D are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	right	1
1 Y is to the right of A.
2 A is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
3 S is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
4 K is positioned right to X.
5 P is on the lower left of M.
6 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object F.
2 P is diagonally left and below D.
3 Y is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
4 Y is over there and U is on the right.
5 J presents upper left to F.
6 F is above and to the right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 S is north west of V.
2 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
3 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
4 U and B are parallel, and U on the left of B.
5 S and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the top-left of T.
2 T is directly above C.
3 K presents right to O.
4 P and K are vertical and P is below K.
5 N is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 T and P are next to each other with P on the right and T on the left.
2 P is on the left and G is on the right.
3 If Z is the center of a clock face, F is located between 2 and 3.
4 J and V are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
5 V is to the right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 Y is south east of Z.
2 Z is on the left side and above R.
3 D is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
4 W is positioned above and to the left of U.
5 X and Y are parallel, and X on the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 D and I are in a vertical line with I below D.
2 D is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
3 E is to the right of I.
4 I is over there and X is directly below it.
5 Q and R are parallel, and R is below Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Z is north west of Q.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
3 J is positioned above Z.
4 Q is positioned in the front right corner of G.
5 N is to the upper left of J.
6 N is on the left side and above S.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
2 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
3 B presents upper left to P.
4 A is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
5 M is placed at the upper right of C.
6 S is sitting at the lower left position to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 O is to the right of F.
3 F is over there and A is on the right of it.
4 H is on the top side to A.
5 O is sitting at the lower position to M.
6 R is positioned below M and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	above	1
1 K is to the top-left of O.
2 Y is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 O is over there and Z is on the left.
4 Q is directly south west of E.
5 Y is positioned in the front right corner of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 U is upper right to Y.
2 Y is diagonally right and above R.
3 If G is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
4 I is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
5 Y is to the top right of S.
6 O and R are parallel, and O is over R.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 J is sitting at the lower left position to M.
2 K is over there with J above.
3 N is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 D is at the bottom and X is on the top.
5 M is directly below L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 E is below N with a small gap between them.
2 U is on the left side to W.
3 G is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
5 E is on the right and U is on the left.
6 N is on the right side to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	left	1
1 P and K are next to each other with P on the left and K on the right.
2 W is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
3 T and X are side by side with X at the bottom and T on the top.
4 N is at the lower side of X.
5 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is above R at 2 o'clock.
2 Q is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face Q.
3 W presents left to S.
4 Y and N are side by side with N at the bottom and Y on the top.
5 X and Q are vertical and X is above Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	above	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 J is on the left and W is on the right.
3 H and F are parallel, and H is over F.
4 W is to the bottom-right of Z.
5 If A is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 4 and 5.
6 C and W are side by side with C to the right and W to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
2 G is north west of P.
3 Z and P are next to each other with Z on the left and P on the right.
4 G presents below V.
5 The objects Z and H are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the left side of and below U.
2 P and U are parallel, and P is over U.
3 J is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
4 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
5 E is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of J.
2 The object X is positioned directly above the object L.
3 C is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 J and U are next to each other with U at the bottom J on the top.
5 J is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	above	1
1 F is at Q's 12 o'clock.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 F is on the left and L is on the right.
4 A is above L and to the right of L.
5 S is to the top-right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 T is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 A is upper right to S.
3 B is south west of Y.
4 A is on the lower right of G.
5 A is over there and Y is on the left of it.
6 O is to the upper left of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 J is positioned in the front right corner of S.
2 O is positioned above E.
3 L is at the bottom and E is on the top.
4 K is over there and E is directly above it.
5 B is at the bottom and K is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	below	1
1 W is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 H and E are side by side with H to the left and E to the right.
3 Object H is below object X and to the right of it, too.
4 N presents lower left to E.
5 F is sitting at the lower left position to L.
6 T is to the right of E horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
2 S is positioned above N and to the left.
3 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
4 Y is above N.
5 U is placed at the lower left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	above	1
1 Z is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 U is on the left and M is on the right.
3 Z is diagonally to the upper left of J.
4 Q is on the lower left of W.
5 Y is at the bottom and W is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	right	1
1 A is placed at the bottom of W.
2 Z and G are side by side with G at the bottom and Z on the top.
3 S is below G.
4 S is above and to the left of O.
5 P is at the bottom of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	above	1
1 J is to the bottom right of A.
2 A and D are parallel, and A is to the left of D.
3 M and B are parallel, and M on the left of B.
4 D is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 C is on the right side and top of W.
6 C is placed in the right direction of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	above	1
1 D is below E at 4 o'clock.
2 S is directly north east of T.
3 O and U are both there with the object O is to the left of object U.
4 U is to the right of T horizontally.
5 T is below and to the right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 F is diagonally right and above E.
2 U is to the top-right of Q.
3 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
4 Q is below and to the left of E.
5 U is placed in the right direction of R.
6 M is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed at the lower left of B.
2 N is directly below C.
3 Q is positioned above and to the left of I.
4 J presents upper right to Y.
5 The objects Q and J are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 L is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 U and D are vertical and U is below D.
3 Y and F are next to each other with Y on the top and F at the bottom.
4 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
5 O is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the upper right of A.
2 U and B are next to each other with B at the bottom U on the top.
3 Y is on the top side to I.
4 A is positioned right to C.
5 The object K and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
6 B is positioned below J.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly above R.
2 The objects T and D are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 V and D are side by side with V to the left and D to the right.
4 V is diagonally to the upper left of E.
5 D is to the left of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 W is on the lower right of H.
3 A is directly below I.
4 C is lower right of A.
5 I is over there and M is on the right.
6 Object N is above object C and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 P presents left to G.
2 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
3 Y is below G and to the right of G.
4 R is sitting at the lower position to G.
5 R is diagonally to the upper right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	above	1
1 M is over there and F is directly below it.
2 K is directly north west of T.
3 Q is north east of F.
4 T and Q are parallel, and T is over Q.
5 V is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
6 Q is sitting at the top position to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	below	1
1 L is over there with W below.
2 E is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
3 O is diagonally right and below A.
4 A is below H with a small gap between them.
5 A is at the bottom of L vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	above	1
1 L is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Q is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 X is above Q.
4 T is below X at 4 o'clock.
5 T and G are parallel, and T is to the left of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	right	1
1 Y is directly below T.
2 The objects C and G are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 J and E are horizontal and J is to the left of E.
4 T and E are parallel, and T is over E.
5 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
6 Q and U are side by side with Q on the top and U at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	below	1
1 R is above W at 10 o'clock.
2 The object V is positioned directly below the object X.
3 Y is upper right to R.
4 B is directly south west of G.
5 Y and V are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
6 L is on the left side of and below R.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed at the upper left of Y.
2 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
3 F is diagonally right and above A.
4 C is on the left side to P.
5 R is above and to the left of A.
6 C is lower right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	left	1
1 P and C are next to each other with C on the right and P on the left.
2 P is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
3 W is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 P is lower left to M.
5 P and V are parallel, and P on the left of V.
6 B is sitting in the right direction of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	left	1
1 M is to the bottom left of F.
2 G is above P and to the left of P.
3 G is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
4 H is positioned above X and to the left.
5 M is above X at 2 o'clock.
6 N is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 I and K are parallel, and I is to the right of K.
3 W is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
4 I is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
5 Z and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 F is over there and K is directly above it.
2 T and S are both there with the object T above the object S.
3 T is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 T and M are parallel, and T on the right of M.
5 The object O and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
6 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 B and N are vertical and B is below N.
2 H is directly north east of N.
3 V is at the bottom of B vertically.
4 The object Z is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
5 U is above and to the left of V.
6 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to A.
2 X and Y are parallel, and X is on top of Y.
3 V is positioned below A and to the left.
4 T is diagonally to the upper left of V.
5 G is at T's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	below	1
1 U is to the top right of T.
2 B is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
3 U is to the top of S vertically.
4 U presents lower left to I.
5 F is upper right to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the top right of K.
2 A and Z are parallel, and A on the left of Z.
3 J is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
4 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
5 H is above and to the right of U.
6 J is positioned above U.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 L and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 L is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 B is directly north east of P.
4 Object B is below object J and to the left of it, too.
5 The objects Z and G are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	left	1
1 B is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 T is positioned in the top left corner of J.
3 X and B are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
4 X is placed at the upper left of D.
5 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	above	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
2 X presents upper right to E.
3 X is on top of K.
4 U is at X's 12 o'clock.
5 The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
6 The object D is positioned above and to the left of object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	above	1
1 X and I are parallel, and I is below X.
2 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
3 G is to the top-left of S.
4 G and Y are side by side with G on the top and Y at the bottom.
5 H is to the right of U.
6 S is to the bottom-right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
2 B is below and to the left of Z.
3 J is to the left of P horizontally.
4 T is above P at 2 o'clock.
5 P is upper right to B.
6 T is directly south west of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 R is north east of U.
2 W and O are parallel, and W is on top of O.
3 E is below U.
4 R is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 L and H are parallel, and H is below L.
6 R and L are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 Y is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
4 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
5 D is positioned above A and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object R.
2 T is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 H is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 Z is to the bottom-left of Q.
5 Z is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 U is over V.
2 V is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 X is under J.
4 W is over there and X is on the left.
5 E is placed at the upper left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	below	1
1 X is at U's 12 o'clock.
2 A and U are next to each other with U at the bottom A on the top.
3 G is directly south west of X.
4 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
5 M is sitting in the left direction of T.
6 If O is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 G is placed at the bottom of A.
2 X is on top of N.
3 P and C are both there with the object P above the object C.
4 A is directly south west of W.
5 W and N are parallel, and W is to the left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 P is below O.
2 Z is diagonally above T to the right at a 45 degree.
3 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to B.
4 If J is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
5 P is on the right side and below D.
6 B is south west of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the bottom left of O.
2 K is to the right of E horizontally.
3 Z and F are in a vertical line with Z on top.
4 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to O.
5 K and J are parallel, and K on the left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 S is above Q with a small gap between them.
2 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
3 L and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
4 G and J are both there with the object G is to the right of object J.
5 R is south east of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 O is over there with X below.
3 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
4 C is over there and N is on the top of it.
5 U is at the bottom of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	above	1
1 R is on the left side to F.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
3 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
4 F is directly north east of I.
5 R is above N.
6 L and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly below the object S.
2 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
3 C is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
4 D is positioned below S and to the right.
5 T is on the lower left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	below	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of P.
2 H is over there and P is directly below it.
3 Z is at the lower side of R.
4 L is placed on the top of R.
5 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to L.
6 J and M are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H is upper left of N.
2 W is positioned left to Z.
3 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
4 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object X.
5 H is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
6 O is at the lower side of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	right	1
1 K is sitting in the right direction of W.
2 S is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 Y is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 S is over there and Y is on the left.
5 G is sitting in the right direction of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
2 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
3 N is placed in the right direction of I.
4 U is to the bottom-right of K.
5 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
6 K and I are next to each other with K on the left and I on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 Z is to the bottom left of Q.
2 F is at U's 12 o'clock.
3 B is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 D is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
5 T and Q are parallel, and T is on top of Q.
6 O is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	left	1
1 C is there and U is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 B is upper right to E.
3 E is above F at 10 o'clock.
4 I is to the top-right of P.
5 C is at F's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	above	1
1 N is directly below R.
2 Q and A are side by side with Q on the top and A at the bottom.
3 C is diagonally right and above N.
4 B is above Q.
5 V is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
6 R is on the left side to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
2 A is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
3 V is directly south east of A.
4 P is at D's 12 o'clock.
5 The object H and E are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
6 D is over there and X is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	left	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom right of N.
2 U is positioned above B.
3 W is on the left side and above U.
4 F is at the bottom of M.
5 L is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 V presents below L.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	right	1
1 U is over there and B is on the top of it.
2 B is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 M is placed at the upper right of C.
4 Q is on the upper right of J.
5 C is below S and to the left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 S is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 P is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 X is below and to the right of S.
4 F is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 T is diagonally right and above Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Z presents lower left to I.
2 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
3 Z is directly above C.
4 X is diagonally right and below B.
5 I is directly below F.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	below	1
1 O is diagonally right and above H.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
3 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
4 Q is south west of O.
5 Y is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 Q is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 U and T are vertical and U is below T.
2 The object M and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 T is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
4 J is diagonally left and above J.
5 J is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 S is to the right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 B presents upper left to T.
2 The object T and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 N is above and to the right of V.
4 B is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
5 T and Q are side by side with T on the top and Q at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	right	1
1 N and C are parallel, and N is over C.
2 R is over there and L is on the right.
3 P is at the bottom of F vertically.
4 The object C and O are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
5 E is positioned left to P.
6 F is below O with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	above	1
1 B is at G’s 9 o'clock.
2 K is on top of L.
3 S is above and to the left of B.
4 S is positioned left to M.
5 B presents over O.
6 G is to the top-right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	left	1
1 N is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 E presents lower left to X.
3 W is on the right and X is on the left.
4 X is on the left side and above P.
5 Z is sitting at the upper right position to L.
6 Q is placed at the bottom of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of Q.
2 D is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
3 Object X is below object V and to the right of it, too.
4 E is over there and W is on the left of it.
5 X is placed on the top of Q.
6 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 R presents left to L.
2 R is on the upper right of P.
3 R is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 The object H and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
5 B is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Object J is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
2 W is above L at 10 o'clock.
3 G is under C.
4 Q is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
5 G presents upper left to B.
6 G is to the left of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 S is to the upper left of H.
2 O is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 S is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face S.
4 S is on the lower right of D.
5 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 C is on the right side and below W.
2 C and Y are parallel, and C on the right of Y.
3 W is placed at the upper left of R.
4 R is upper right to N.
5 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
6 Q is over there with R below.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 P is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
2 V is above N with a small gap between them.
3 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
4 I is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 P is at the lower side of Y.
6 I is placed on the top of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 B is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 Q is directly north west of K.
4 E is under G.
5 H and E are vertical and H is above E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	below	1
1 E is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 L is below A and to the right of A.
3 B is above and to the left of K.
4 V is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
5 B and A are in a vertical line with B on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 R is over there and Y is on the right.
2 M is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 W is lower left to Z.
4 L is below R.
5 M is above R at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there and C is on the right.
2 T is placed on the top of R.
3 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
4 R is positioned down and to the left of M.
5 H is to the bottom left of R.
6 V is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 V is directly south west of X.
2 J is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 J is on the right side to X.
4 O is sitting at the lower right position to Q.
5 X presents upper left to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	right	1
1 W is on the right side to P.
2 Z is to the top-right of P.
3 K and B are parallel, and K is to the left of B.
4 The object P is positioned above and to the left of object F.
5 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
6 C is on the same vertical plane directly above Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 O is on the right side to G.
2 B and G are parallel, and B is under G.
3 T is directly north east of U.
4 I is on the left side to R.
5 C is sitting in the right direction of G.
6 T is on top of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 O is directly above V.
2 H is on the top and K is at the bottom.
3 U is on the lower left of A.
4 K presents over O.
5 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
6 B and K are vertical and B is below K.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 B is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 X is above Y and to the right of Y.
3 S is at C's 6 o'clock.
4 The object E and B are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
5 B is diagonally right and above S.
6 R is above B at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	below	1
1 G is above T at 2 o'clock.
2 V is lower left to D.
3 W is over there and U is on the left of it.
4 F is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
5 F is over there and T is on the right of it.
6 U is below M and to the right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
3 T is placed at the upper left of K.
4 T is positioned above R and to the right.
5 Q is at the bottom and R is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
2 U is below and to the right of W.
3 C is upper right to Z.
4 X is on the left and Q is on the right.
5 F is above X at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 P is to the bottom-right of K.
2 A is above Q at 2 o'clock.
3 A and V are next to each other with A on the left and V on the right.
4 B and A are parallel, and B is on top of A.
5 V is over X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 F presents below X.
2 A is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
3 N is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
4 X is on top of O.
5 V is at F's 12 o'clock.
6 A is to the bottom left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	below	1
1 Y is on the lower left of O.
2 R is positioned below P and to the right.
3 Z presents lower right to P.
4 M and Q are next to each other with M on the top and Q at the bottom.
5 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 P presents lower left to Z.
2 Z is to the upper left of T.
3 H is below W at 7 o'clock.
4 Z is on the right side to J.
5 T and N are horizontal and T is to the right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the top-right of Z.
2 O is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 E is positioned left to D.
4 The objects C and V are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
5 V is at the lower side of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	below	1
1 M presents over D.
2 E is on the lower right of V.
3 Q is north east of J.
4 O is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 A is over there and J is on the left of it.
6 O is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 U is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
3 J and L are parallel, and L is below J.
4 B is upper right to H.
5 H and J are both there with the object H is to the left of object J.
6 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J is at the bottom of N vertically.
2 X is to the bottom-right of N.
3 M presents upper left to P.
4 M is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 O is positioned above and to the left of T.
6 M is on the upper right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	above	1
1 W is positioned down and to the left of O.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
3 K is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
4 E is positioned below H and to the left.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 P is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 O is upper right to D.
3 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
4 Y presents below X.
5 V and H are in a vertical line with H below V.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the lower position to B.
2 N is on the right and B is on the left.
3 G is positioned in the lower right corner of A.
4 D is directly south west of B.
5 S is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
6 B is placed at the upper right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	right	1
1 D is positioned down and to the left of K.
2 K and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
3 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
4 L and D are parallel, and L is to the right of D.
5 A is directly south east of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 V is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Q is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
3 D is at F's 12 o'clock.
4 N is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 F is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
6 If V is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally below P to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 Y is to the bottom-right of P.
3 Y is over there and I is on the left.
4 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
5 X and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
6 R is at the bottom and W is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 Q is over there and V is on the right of it.
2 P and M are side by side with M at the bottom and P on the top.
3 V is positioned in the top left corner of X.
4 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
5 Z is above and to the right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Q and I are parallel, and Q on the left of I.
2 R presents upper left to H.
3 L is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 I is at W’s 9 o'clock.
5 V presents lower right to I.
6 I is directly south west of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
2 K is sitting in the right direction of Q.
3 B is to the bottom-right of M.
4 V is on the left and R is on the right.
5 B is below R and to the right of R.
6 V presents left to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned above J and to the right.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
3 K is to the left of C.
4 G is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
5 L is on the left side and above C.
6 G is over there with K below.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y and C are next to each other with C on the right and Y on the left.
2 H is positioned below and to the right of Y.
3 H and R are side by side with H to the right and R to the left.
4 S presents upper left to P.
5 The object R and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	left	1
1 V is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 L is over there and V is directly below it.
3 B is directly north east of H.
4 P is on the left and R is on the right.
5 L is to the bottom-right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
2 The object J and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
4 T is positioned below S and to the right.
5 T is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	below	1
1 J is positioned below and to the right of G.
2 B is directly above Q.
3 V and S are side by side with S at the bottom and V on the top.
4 Y is below M at 4 o'clock.
5 G is lower right of B.
6 B presents right to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
2 M is on the lower left of V.
3 W is below and to the right of O.
4 M is at the lower side of L.
5 O is below V.
6 V is at J's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 I is over there and N is on the top of it.
3 K is on the right side and below L.
4 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
5 Y is to the right of H horizontally.
6 A is on the right and L is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 J is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Object B is above object C and to the left of it, too.
3 Z is positioned left to D.
4 J and D are side by side with J to the right and D to the left.
5 J is over there with G above.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 I is over there and K is on the right.
2 E is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 U is positioned in the front right corner of S.
4 L is placed at the bottom of T.
5 I is sitting at the lower right position to V.
6 V is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	below	1
1 N is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 D is on the lower right of Y.
3 Y is positioned below and to the right of G.
4 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
5 X and M are both there with the object X is to the left of object M.
6 H is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned below and to the right of V.
2 F presents lower right to I.
3 Object U is above object W and to the left of it, too.
4 V is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 G is sitting at the upper right position to U.
6 Y presents below S.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	above	1
1 N is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 E and P are both there with the object E is to the right of object P.
3 A is north west of T.
4 M is positioned right to T.
5 J is diagonally left and below T.
6 A and C are next to each other with A on the top and C at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower position to L.
2 X is on the right side and below A.
3 H and Y are parallel, and H is on top of Y.
4 V is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
5 V is diagonally right and above H.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	above	1
1 F is to the left of M.
2 K presents left to D.
3 K is above and to the right of F.
4 K is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
5 W is over there and U is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 U and M are parallel, and U on the right of M.
2 O is directly south west of I.
3 Y is sitting at the lower right position to K.
4 V is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
5 Y is to the top-left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 I and U are parallel, and I is to the left of U.
2 X is on the right side and below U.
3 M is above O and to the right of O.
4 I is to the top-left of H.
5 Z is sitting at the lower position to R.
6 H is south east of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	left	1
1 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
2 X is diagonally left and below D.
3 H is to the bottom right of I.
4 A is to the left of D horizontally.
5 If D is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	right	1
1 N is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
2 N is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 A is placed in the left direction of K.
4 Q is positioned below I and to the left.
5 Q and L are parallel, and Q is to the left of L.
6 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 F is directly north east of U.
2 The object G and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 F is to the left of K horizontally.
4 I is to the top right of J.
5 U is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q is placed on the top of L.
2 E is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 Q is below J.
4 L is directly south west of Y.
5 J is directly south east of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 B is positioned left to H.
2 R is sitting in the right direction of J.
3 Q is to the upper left of H.
4 F is above and to the left of H.
5 I presents below Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 D is placed in the left direction of E.
3 Object V is above object K and to the left of it, too.
4 D is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
5 D is to the top right of I.
6 F is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	below	1
1 Q is to the bottom-left of A.
2 A and F are both there with the object A is to the left of object F.
3 B is sitting in the right direction of D.
4 H is directly south east of Q.
5 Q is positioned right to T.
6 A is to the bottom-right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 K is on the right side to N.
3 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
4 T is positioned in the lower right corner of D.
5 N is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 L is positioned down and to the left of D.
2 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
3 The objects Q and B are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
4 S is on the left side and above L.
5 N is directly north east of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 S and F are parallel, and S on the right of F.
2 G is positioned up and to the right of D.
3 The object G is positioned directly above the object F.
4 D and T are side by side with D to the right and T to the left.
5 H is lower right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 U is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
2 I is under S.
3 P is directly above D.
4 G and S are in a vertical line with G on top.
5 D is positioned in the top left corner of S.
6 C is at O's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 I and C are next to each other with C at the bottom I on the top.
2 The object Z is positioned directly above the object W.
3 If S is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
4 G is on the right and W is on the left.
5 S is sitting in the left direction of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	above	1
1 A is over there and G is at the bottom of it.
2 U is sitting at the top position to X.
3 L is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
4 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
5 S is to the top-left of U.
6 Q is sitting in the left direction of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting in the left direction of B.
2 R is sitting at the upper left position to A.
3 W and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
4 W and V are next to each other with W on the left and V on the right.
5 D and M are parallel, and D is on top of M.
6 D presents lower left to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	right	1
1 G is upper left of B.
2 S is sitting at the upper right position to V.
3 Object V is below object M and to the left of it, too.
4 X is placed in the left direction of E.
5 G is below V and to the left of V.
6 B is on the right and W is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the right of O.
2 N is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 C is on the left side of and below X.
4 G is over there with U above.
5 O is positioned below H and to the right.
6 U is positioned left to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	right	1
1 K and F are both there with the object K above the object F.
2 F is on the right and J is on the left.
3 F is sitting at the lower position to L.
4 K and T are both there with the object K above the object T.
5 Q is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 O is on the left side of and below Z.
2 F and E are parallel, and F on the right of E.
3 D presents lower right to V.
4 V is diagonally to the upper left of X.
5 E is south east of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
2 H and K are side by side with K at the bottom and H on the top.
3 B is to the top-right of V.
4 Y and Z are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
5 B is below Q with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 D is positioned up and to the right of S.
2 B is on the upper right of Q.
3 J is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
5 L is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and B is at the bottom of it.
2 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
3 B and E are horizontal and B is to the left of E.
4 V is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Object V is above object N and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 D and N are vertical and D is below N.
2 J is to the top-right of C.
3 O and H are vertical and O is above H.
4 E is placed at the upper right of C.
5 O is positioned below C and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned left to E.
2 T is over there and M is on the top of it.
3 Q is to the left of M with a small gap between them.
4 I and X are vertical and I is below X.
5 X is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face X.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	above	1
1 N is to the left of M horizontally.
2 The objects B and W are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 X is on top of W.
4 P is at X's 12 o'clock.
5 J is sitting at the top position to L.
6 P is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned down and to the left of F.
2 Q is at K’s 9 o'clock.
3 W is to the top-right of Q.
4 If T is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
5 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
6 K is north east of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object U and D are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
3 Object J is below object F and to the left of it, too.
4 W is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 H is over there and A is directly above it.
6 R is at H's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 G is lower left to V.
2 W and V are parallel, and W is over V.
3 R presents right to F.
4 W is over there and T is on the left.
5 M is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 M is directly north west of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally right and below R.
2 N is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 R and N are both there with the object R is to the left of object N.
4 X is positioned right to G.
5 K is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	right	1
1 Q is above G with a small gap between them.
2 P is sitting at the lower right position to Q.
3 G is diagonally to the upper right of W.
4 Object L is above object P and to the left of it, too.
5 R and N are in a vertical line with N below R.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
2 V is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
3 Z and K are next to each other with Z on the left and K on the right.
4 V is positioned above Q and to the left.
5 W is upper left of J.
6 T is on the left side to C.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 P and T are parallel, and P is to the left of T.
2 T is on the left side of and below L.
3 P and Q are next to each other with P on the top and Q at the bottom.
4 G is on the lower right of L.
5 S is directly above C.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the right of I horizontally.
2 The object Q is positioned directly above the object I.
3 P is over there and Q is on the left.
4 Object Y is below object I and to the right of it, too.
5 X is above L at 10 o'clock.
6 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	below	1
1 U and S are parallel, and U on the left of S.
2 D is positioned below and to the right of V.
3 U is on the left side of and below D.
4 U is sitting at the lower position to Q.
5 C is diagonally right and above L.
6 Y is at U's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K is at the bottom and F is on the top.
2 K is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 X is on the left side and above S.
4 X is on the left and F is on the right.
5 K is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 A is to the bottom right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Object U is below object A and to the right of it, too.
2 I is on the left and Y is on the right.
3 Y is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 Y and B are parallel, and Y is over B.
5 R presents over C.
6 U is placed at the bottom of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 K and Y are side by side with K to the left and Y to the right.
2 K is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
3 U is diagonally left and above U.
4 N and D are side by side with N to the left and D to the right.
5 U and Q are parallel, and U is on top of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 X is over there and Y is on the left.
2 L is positioned in the top left corner of I.
3 B is over there and G is on the left.
4 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
5 Object B is above object L and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	left	1
1 T is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 W is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
3 I is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 X is over there and N is on the left of it.
5 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 G is at the bottom and K is on the top.
2 U is on the right side and below H.
3 G is over there and H is directly below it.
4 F is to the right of M.
5 B is to the bottom left of H.
6 D is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 F is at H's 6 o'clock.
2 L is upper left of F.
3 Q presents lower left to Y.
4 H and K are in a vertical line with K below H.
5 H is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	below	1
1 O is positioned in the front right corner of X.
2 O and M are parallel, and O is on top of M.
3 G is over there and S is on the right.
4 X presents left to C.
5 C is placed at the bottom of N.
6 Q and M are next to each other with M at the bottom Q on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 H and N are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
2 Z is placed at the upper right of A.
3 J is to the right of Y.
4 W is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 The objects E and Y are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object Y.
6 H is placed in the left direction of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	left	1
1 Object V is above object S and to the left of it, too.
2 V is over there and G is at the bottom of it.
3 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
4 W presents left to G.
5 D is over there and W is directly above it.
6 J is to the bottom-right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 S is above J at 2 o'clock.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object S.
3 I is placed in the left direction of C.
4 Object S is below object C and to the left of it, too.
5 Q is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
6 Y and Z are in a vertical line with Z below Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 Z is on the top side to A.
2 Object Z is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
3 G is positioned above Y.
4 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
5 K and J are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
6 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 C and W are both there with the object W below the object C.
2 I is over there and Y is on the right.
3 The object C and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
4 I is sitting at the upper left position to D.
5 K is diagonally left and above K.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	above	1
1 B is over there with N above.
2 If B is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
3 V is lower left to H.
4 S is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
6 S is directly below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	below	1
1 G presents left to I.
2 F is over there and G is on the right of it.
3 If L is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
4 K is on the left side to R.
5 G is on the top and D is at the bottom.
6 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 N and P are next to each other with N on the left and P on the right.
2 R is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 O is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
4 P is to the bottom-right of O.
5 I is to the upper left of N.
6 A is on the left side to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	right	1
1 S is sitting in the left direction of N.
2 The object X and R are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 X is placed at the bottom of S.
4 U and C are both there with the object U is to the left of object C.
5 L is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 M is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
2 L is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
3 J is diagonally to the upper left of P.
4 K is at D's 3 o'clock.
5 J is to the left of D horizontally.
6 B is on the upper right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned in the top left corner of J.
2 N is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
3 A is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
4 A and N are parallel, and A on the left of N.
5 T presents right to G.
6 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 O is over there and B is directly above it.
2 X is at the bottom of T vertically.
3 V and I are next to each other with V on the top and I at the bottom.
4 N and D are side by side with D at the bottom and N on the top.
5 N is placed at the upper left of V.
6 N is upper left of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	below	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
2 W is upper left of N.
3 M is sitting in the right direction of N.
4 Z is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
5 F is diagonally left and below O.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 G presents left to X.
2 B and E are next to each other with B on the left and E on the right.
3 R and X are parallel, and R is to the left of X.
4 G and V are horizontal and G is to the right of V.
5 R is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	right	1
1 X is above J.
2 J is upper left of M.
3 R is lower left to E.
4 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
5 H and A are parallel, and H is to the left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
2 Z is diagonally to the bottom right of A.
3 O is diagonally to the upper right of E.
4 I is on the right side to O.
5 B is placed in the left direction of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the lower right position to C.
2 I is on the upper right of Q.
3 The object L and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
4 N and Z are parallel, and N on the right of Z.
5 L is at the bottom of J.
6 I is diagonally left and above I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Y and W are next to each other with Y on the left and W on the right.
2 W is over there with L below.
3 Y is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
4 P is on the same vertical plane directly above R.
5 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
6 U is diagonally to the upper left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the right side and below P.
2 D is south west of O.
3 C is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
4 G is positioned in the top left corner of X.
5 Object P is below object A and to the right of it, too.
6 G is lower left to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
2 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
3 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
4 D is at the lower side of B.
5 F presents upper left to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 O is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
3 I and K are side by side with I to the right and K to the left.
4 Y and N are both there with the object Y is to the right of object N.
5 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	right	1
1 W is on the right side and below Q.
2 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
3 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
4 Z is over there with R below.
5 Q and M are vertical and Q is above M.
6 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
2 F is at C’s 9 o'clock.
3 H is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
4 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
5 A is to the left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	below	1
1 O is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
2 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
3 U is over there and W is on the right of it.
4 D is sitting at the lower left position to C.
5 U and I are side by side with U on the top and I at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	left	1
1 O is under T.
2 O is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
3 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
4 I is below T and to the right of T.
5 O is at the bottom and W is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Object Y is below object M and to the left of it, too.
2 T and Z are in a vertical line with Z below T.
3 M and T are side by side with M to the right and T to the left.
4 K is positioned in the top left corner of R.
5 Z and B are side by side with B at the bottom and Z on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
2 X is placed in the right direction of Q.
3 X is positioned above and to the left of B.
4 U is lower left to Z.
5 C and K are vertical and C is below K.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	right	1
1 X is placed at the bottom of O.
2 C is on the right and A is on the left.
3 W is over there and X is on the left.
4 K is placed at the bottom of Z.
5 X is over there with C above.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	left	1
1 V is over there and Z is on the right of it.
2 Object U is above object W and to the left of it, too.
3 K is placed at the upper left of T.
4 U is on the lower right of E.
5 U is positioned below and to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 F is over there and G is on the left of it.
2 Object B is below object P and to the left of it, too.
3 T is placed at the upper right of O.
4 B is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
5 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
6 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	right	1
1 H is below N.
2 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
3 N is on the upper right of X.
4 H is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 The objects S and X are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
6 X is diagonally right and below Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 I is at A's 3 o'clock.
2 A is positioned below X.
3 P is over there and Y is on the left of it.
4 B is on the left side to O.
5 I is over there and F is on the right of it.
6 The object O is positioned directly above the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	above	1
1 F is south west of S.
2 S is below and to the left of B.
3 X is on the left side to B.
4 E is sitting at the lower position to C.
5 X and L are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the bottom left of O.
2 N and R are parallel, and N on the left of R.
3 C is at W’s 9 o'clock.
4 K and N are parallel, and K is over N.
5 C is positioned above N and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 L and C are vertical and L is above C.
2 S and O are parallel, and S is to the right of O.
3 C is on top of A.
4 K is positioned below L.
5 C is on the left side of and below H.
6 Q is placed in the right direction of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 M is over G.
2 U is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
3 Z is at K's 6 o'clock.
4 Object A is above object G and to the left of it, too.
5 M is directly above X.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 B and U are both there with the object U below the object B.
2 J presents lower right to U.
3 U is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 U presents lower left to Q.
5 L is on the lower right of X.
6 J is to the top-right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 W is placed at the upper right of D.
2 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
3 Object J is below object G and to the left of it, too.
4 B is positioned below and to the right of W.
5 I is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 I is on the left and G is on the right.
3 A presents lower right to K.
4 V is diagonally to the upper right of A.
5 Q is on the top side to V.
6 V is on the top side to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
2 A is positioned below U and to the right.
3 U and N are next to each other with N at the bottom U on the top.
4 V is to the left of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	above	1
1 R presents below Q.
2 H and E are parallel, and H is under E.
3 Z is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
4 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
5 The objects Q and U are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
6 C is at X's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Q is above L and to the right of L.
2 L is to the upper left of I.
3 Z and W are horizontal and Z is to the right of W.
4 E is over there and P is on the left.
5 Z is above J and to the left of J.
6 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
2 J is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
3 W is over there and I is on the left.
4 J is at W’s 9 o'clock.
5 Q is at Z's 12 o'clock.
6 K is over there and E is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally right and below L.
2 L is below J and to the left of J.
3 G is to the bottom-left of D.
4 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
5 J is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 J is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 J is at the bottom of I vertically.
2 P is over H.
3 O is over there and I is directly above it.
4 W is positioned below A and to the right.
5 O and P are vertical and O is below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 H and J are both there with the object J below the object H.
2 P is over there with J below.
3 G presents left to A.
4 P is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
5 W is under Z.
6 Y is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 B is diagonally right and below R.
3 L is diagonally to the upper left of B.
4 N is positioned below and to the right of A.
5 L and P are parallel, and L is on top of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 The objects G and A are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 Y presents upper left to Q.
3 G and Z are vertical and G is below Z.
4 J is at Y's 3 o'clock.
5 D is directly south east of E.
6 G is upper left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally right and below Q.
2 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
3 P is on top of C.
4 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
5 L and P are parallel, and L is to the left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the bottom-right of W.
2 S is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 A is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
4 F is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
5 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
6 X is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 S is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 W is to the top of R vertically.
3 Q is upper left of A.
4 Object W is below object A and to the right of it, too.
5 A presents lower right to T.
6 P is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 H is positioned above C.
3 K is to the left of N.
4 Q is on the right side to S.
5 H and N are side by side with N at the bottom and H on the top.
6 K is over there and B is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	right	1
1 S is over there and G is on the left of it.
2 F and V are both there with the object F is to the left of object V.
3 E is at S's 6 o'clock.
4 Y is positioned in the front right corner of B.
5 Y and S are next to each other with Y on the top and S at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	below	1
1 N is at Q's 12 o'clock.
2 T is above Q at 10 o'clock.
3 Z is over there and Q is on the left.
4 S is positioned left to O.
5 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 F presents left to E.
2 F is on the left side and above N.
3 S is positioned down and to the left of K.
4 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object R.
5 Y and R are parallel, and Y is to the right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	right	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of K.
2 J is placed at the upper left of N.
3 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
4 W is south west of C.
5 J and L are parallel, and J is to the right of L.
6 K presents right to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	right	1
1 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
2 D is to the top of V vertically.
3 V is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 P is on the right and V is on the left.
5 F is to the upper left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
2 Q and A are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
3 M is to the right of T horizontally.
4 I is diagonally left and above I.
5 G is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 I is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 N and Z are side by side with N on the top and Z at the bottom.
3 N and M are next to each other with M at the bottom N on the top.
4 B presents lower left to N.
5 L is over there and B is on the left.
6 X is positioned down and to the left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	right	1
1 X and F are next to each other with F on the right and X on the left.
2 L is above and to the left of E.
3 U is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 C is north east of P.
5 P is diagonally right and below F.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	right	1
1 F is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
2 F is positioned above T and to the left.
3 M is north east of T.
4 S is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 H is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 F is to the top-right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Object K is below object S and to the left of it, too.
2 E is at N’s 9 o'clock.
3 S and T are parallel, and S is to the right of T.
4 U is upper left of R.
5 N is upper left of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to C.
2 Q and B are parallel, and Q on the right of B.
3 N is sitting in the right direction of H.
4 Q is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
5 I is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 L is directly south west of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the top-right of H.
2 F is positioned in the front right corner of N.
3 F is below M with a small gap between them.
4 I is diagonally left and below S.
5 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
6 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 L is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face L.
2 V is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
3 E is to the top of S vertically.
4 L is directly south east of W.
5 P is placed in the right direction of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the right side to Z.
2 I and U are parallel, and I on the left of U.
3 L and F are next to each other with F on the right and L on the left.
4 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
5 K is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
6 N is at the lower side of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned above V and to the right.
2 Y is on the left side of and below H.
3 G and V are side by side with V at the bottom and G on the top.
4 T is above V at 2 o'clock.
5 Y is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 N is to the left of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 V is diagonally to the upper left of J.
3 H is diagonally right and above K.
4 H and S are vertical and H is below S.
5 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
6 X is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 N and C are side by side with N to the left and C to the right.
2 P and C are parallel, and P is on top of C.
3 H is directly north east of L.
4 R is positioned up and to the right of Z.
5 R is on the lower left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	above	1
1 F is on the right side to E.
2 C is on the right and L is on the left.
3 I is placed in the left direction of B.
4 C is to the top right of B.
5 Object W is below object I and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 D presents upper right to I.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
3 V is under S.
4 G is placed at the upper left of S.
5 U is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K is over there with R below.
2 M is placed at the upper left of X.
3 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
4 J is positioned left to A.
5 A is positioned left to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	above	1
1 I is at E’s 9 o'clock.
2 Z is over there with E below.
3 Z is placed in the left direction of A.
4 C is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 U presents right to Z.
6 R is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 F is above and to the left of I.
2 C is above Y at 2 o'clock.
3 X is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 B is sitting at the lower position to P.
5 The object Z is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
6 P is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	left	1
1 U is above and to the left of P.
2 H is on the left side of and below B.
3 W is sitting in the right direction of P.
4 T is on the right side and below I.
5 W and T are parallel, and W on the right of T.
6 U is to the bottom left of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	above	1
1 P is to the top of R vertically.
2 I is below and to the right of R.
3 N is at X’s 9 o'clock.
4 P is below V at 7 o'clock.
5 P is placed at the bottom of J.
6 I is over there and C is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The objects J and K are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 L is south west of X.
3 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
4 F and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
5 If R is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned below K and to the left.
2 X is below Q with a small gap between them.
3 M is above K and to the left of K.
4 H presents right to V.
5 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
6 P is positioned above H and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 X and O are next to each other with X on the top and O at the bottom.
2 Z is positioned in the front right corner of T.
3 Object Y is above object E and to the left of it, too.
4 L is on the lower left of M.
5 L is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 X is to the bottom-left of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the lower right of U.
2 X presents lower left to U.
3 If D is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
4 B and K are parallel, and B is on top of K.
5 U is sitting in the right direction of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	right	1
1 A is below and to the right of Y.
2 The object L is positioned directly above the object P.
3 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
4 S is at I's 12 o'clock.
5 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	right	1
1 M is over there and Z is on the left.
2 R is above P.
3 L is to the top-right of J.
4 R is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 Z is placed at the lower left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned in the front right corner of O.
2 E is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
3 R and X are vertical and R is above X.
4 J is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
5 J is at the lower side of P.
6 P is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 M is sitting in the left direction of J.
2 V is on the top and A is at the bottom.
3 I is positioned up and to the right of J.
4 M is on the right side to V.
5 G and R are in a vertical line with R below G.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	right	1
1 Q is to the top of E vertically.
2 K is to the bottom left of T.
3 N is sitting at the lower position to V.
4 K is at M's 12 o'clock.
5 E is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 X is placed at the bottom of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper right of A.
2 D presents over O.
3 D is positioned below X and to the left.
4 W is lower left to G.
5 Z is on the left side and above O.
6 A is to the top-left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
2 Object E is below object U and to the left of it, too.
3 V is on top of Y.
4 F is on the right side and top of E.
5 J is diagonally to the upper right of C.
6 F is diagonally right and above J.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 F is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 I and G are parallel, and I is to the left of G.
3 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
4 D and F are parallel, and D is under F.
5 T is on the top and P is at the bottom.
6 O is positioned below and to the right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	left	1
1 K is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Z is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
3 The objects G and W are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
4 U is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
5 U is placed at the upper left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 N is over there and R is directly below it.
2 N is on the left side to A.
3 V and A are vertical and V is above A.
4 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
5 E is diagonally to the upper right of V.
6 W and G are side by side with W to the left and G to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
2 X is positioned in the top left corner of Z.
3 U presents right to Z.
4 I is placed on the top of U.
5 E is over there and Z is on the right of it.
6 N is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 A is at the lower side of J.
2 The object L and Q are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
3 Z is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
4 R and Z are both there with the object Z below the object R.
5 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 W and C are both there with the object W above the object C.
2 G is sitting in the right direction of Y.
3 The objects V and I are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
4 C is on the right side and below G.
5 The object J is positioned above and to the left of object G.
6 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 I presents upper right to A.
2 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
3 N is to the top-right of M.
4 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
5 K is positioned above A.
6 If N is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
2 O is to the left of Z horizontally.
3 P is sitting at the lower position to R.
4 L is positioned down and to the left of R.
5 E and L are horizontal and E is to the left of L.
6 The object F is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	left	1
1 P is to the top-left of G.
2 L and O are parallel, and L on the right of O.
3 D is below B at 7 o'clock.
4 L and G are parallel, and L is to the right of G.
5 S is below and to the right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 Z is above and to the right of X.
2 X is sitting in the right direction of I.
3 P is positioned down and to the left of R.
4 G and P are side by side with P at the bottom and G on the top.
5 O is on the right and K is on the left.
6 G is diagonally left and above G.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	left	1
1 N is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
2 V is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Y is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 D is to the right of I.
5 Y is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Z is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
3 R is over there and H is directly above it.
4 A is positioned below X and to the right.
5 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
6 S is to the bottom right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	below	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
2 F is below and to the left of T.
3 C is diagonally right and below G.
4 I is below F at 7 o'clock.
5 R is at the bottom and M is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	above	1
1 O is to the left of A horizontally.
2 Y is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
4 If A is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
5 Y is on the left side to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned in the lower right corner of F.
2 E is under O.
3 N is sitting at the top position to X.
4 N is to the top right of H.
5 L is below H.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 The object A is positioned directly below the object V.
3 U is placed at the lower right of I.
4 V and Z are parallel, and V on the left of Z.
5 O is placed at the bottom of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 I is directly south west of L.
2 V is positioned right to N.
3 T is diagonally left and above T.
4 Q is at W’s 9 o'clock.
5 N is above T and to the right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned above L and to the left.
2 S is diagonally right and above Y.
3 The object S is positioned directly below the object K.
4 P is over K.
5 B is over there and Y is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 D is to the bottom-right of J.
3 E is positioned down and to the left of O.
4 O and T are next to each other with O on the left and T on the right.
5 J is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 G is above K at 10 o'clock.
2 F is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 T and W are parallel, and T is to the left of W.
4 T and L are parallel, and T is to the left of L.
5 L is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 G is to the top-right of Y.
2 Y and D are next to each other with D at the bottom Y on the top.
3 B presents over A.
4 Z is upper left of D.
5 P is at Y's 12 o'clock.
6 O and P are both there with the object O above the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	above	1
1 F is over there and N is on the top of it.
2 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
3 V is at F's 12 o'clock.
4 D is below T and to the right of T.
5 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 I is under N.
2 I and U are both there with the object U below the object I.
3 E is over there and K is on the right of it.
4 A is positioned in the lower right corner of N.
5 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
6 P is placed in the right direction of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	right	1
1 B is directly north east of O.
2 L is on the right and M is on the left.
3 P is upper right to L.
4 H and I are next to each other with H on the top and I at the bottom.
5 M is directly south west of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	right	1
1 H is diagonally left and below N.
2 U is positioned below H and to the left.
3 P is to the bottom-left of L.
4 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
5 Object K is above object U and to the left of it, too.
6 E is positioned up and to the right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Q is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 S is sitting at the lower left position to U.
3 Q is over A.
4 J and S are side by side with S at the bottom and J on the top.
5 D is to the left of R horizontally.
6 A is sitting in the left direction of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 E is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 K is sitting at the upper left position to E.
4 I is above K and to the right of K.
5 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
2 Z is directly north east of A.
3 N is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 A and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
5 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
6 O is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	above	1
1 Q is on the right side and below L.
2 I is over there with A above.
3 N is positioned in the top left corner of I.
4 Q is positioned in the top left corner of A.
5 V is on the right side and top of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 C is over there and V is on the top of it.
2 I and L are next to each other with I on the top and L at the bottom.
3 N and G are both there with the object G below the object N.
4 V is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	right	1
1 I is over there and K is on the top of it.
2 R is directly south east of V.
3 I is to the bottom right of H.
4 H is over J.
5 N is over there and J is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	below	1
1 I and L are both there with the object I is to the right of object L.
2 I is south west of E.
3 U is over there and E is directly above it.
4 C and S are parallel, and C is to the left of S.
5 Y is diagonally to the upper right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper right of L.
2 V is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
3 The objects B and G are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
4 Object J is below object L and to the left of it, too.
5 C is diagonally above G to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 F and N are vertical and F is below N.
3 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
4 F and Y are vertical and F is above Y.
5 U and H are vertical and U is above H.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed at the lower right of V.
2 V is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
3 N is below C at 4 o'clock.
4 C is placed on the top of V.
5 L is over there and Y is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 A is placed at the upper left of Z.
2 N is on the right side and top of J.
3 Y and I are in a vertical line with I below Y.
4 F and I are parallel, and F is over I.
5 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
6 N is sitting at the top position to Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
2 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
3 D presents upper right to W.
4 M is diagonally right and above W.
5 C is upper left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 R is above and to the right of G.
3 The object G and Z are there. The object Z is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
4 J is south west of Q.
5 R is lower left to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 I is below M at 7 o'clock.
2 M is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
3 I is at D's 12 o'clock.
4 V is positioned down and to the left of D.
5 Z is positioned above and to the left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
2 W is to the bottom right of N.
3 X is sitting at the lower right position to E.
4 N is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
5 S and N are parallel, and S is to the right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	right	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 H is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
4 J and W are horizontal and J is to the left of W.
5 I is placed on the top of C.
6 C is to the top-right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 W is south west of O.
2 S and N are parallel, and S is on top of N.
3 G and W are in a vertical line with W below G.
4 G is below and to the left of F.
5 W is sitting at the top position to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 O is at G’s 9 o'clock.
2 H is below and to the right of W.
3 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
4 S is directly below O.
5 U presents upper right to O.
6 T is upper left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	above	1
1 G presents upper right to A.
2 E is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
3 B is diagonally below U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 E and G are both there with the object E is to the right of object G.
5 E is south west of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 S is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 L is above E and to the left of E.
3 K is positioned above V and to the left.
4 Z is on the left side and above C.
5 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
6 The objects L and M are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is over there with F below.
2 U is positioned above G and to the left.
3 U is placed at the bottom of L.
4 C is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
5 L is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 Z is over there and F is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	above	1
1 I is sitting at the lower position to X.
2 G is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 T is north west of O.
4 I and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
5 V and O are side by side with V to the left and O to the right.
6 L and S are both there with the object L is to the left of object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 I and F are parallel, and I on the right of F.
2 X and D are parallel, and D is below X.
3 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
4 Z is south east of A.
5 The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
6 I and C are both there with the object C below the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	above	1
1 P is positioned above and to the left of W.
2 The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
3 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
4 Z and F are parallel, and Z is over F.
5 If E is the center of a clock face, F is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 G is over Q.
2 G is on the same vertical plane directly above L.
3 E and M are parallel, and M is below E.
4 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
5 V is over there and O is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	above	1
1 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
2 X is to the top right of F.
3 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
4 X presents below K.
5 X is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 G and F are vertical and G is below F.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 R and Q are side by side with R to the right and Q to the left.
3 R is sitting at the upper right position to T.
4 V is at the bottom of J vertically.
5 R is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	right	1
1 X is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 X and A are next to each other with A at the bottom X on the top.
3 C and S are both there with the object C above the object S.
4 C is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
5 V is over there and D is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 L is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
2 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
3 O is above and to the left of W.
4 A is to the bottom-left of Y.
5 V is to the right of U horizontally.
6 O is sitting at the lower left position to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	right	1
1 N is placed at the lower left of O.
2 R is placed at the lower left of O.
3 N is on the lower left of Y.
4 E is positioned up and to the right of T.
5 R and Q are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	right	1
1 X is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
3 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
4 Y is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 H is on the right side and below A.
6 N is to the left of H horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	left	1
1 K is upper left of Z.
2 N is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 K is at the lower side of S.
4 If O is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
5 X is south east of Q.
6 O is positioned below and to the right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 P is under S.
2 I is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
3 Q and P are parallel, and Q is under P.
4 If P is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
5 L is to the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	above	1
1 M is on the right side and below H.
2 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to O.
3 W is on the left side and above H.
4 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
5 H is placed in the right direction of L.
6 G is south west of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object V is positioned directly below the object Y.
2 F is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 D is over there and L is on the left.
4 W is sitting at the top position to Z.
5 L is placed at the lower right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
2 C is sitting in the left direction of B.
3 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
4 C is above G.
5 H is diagonally to the upper right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	left	1
1 V is south west of D.
2 P is on the upper right of H.
3 Q is positioned up and to the right of F.
4 H is on the left side of and below L.
5 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the bottom and H is on the top.
2 Z is on the top and B is at the bottom.
3 Z is to the left of O.
4 T and Z are parallel, and T is under Z.
5 Object D is above object N and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	below	1
1 H is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
2 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
4 C is positioned left to F.
5 Z is directly south east of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	below	1
1 E is placed at the upper right of R.
2 Q is over there with Z below.
3 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
4 U is at Q's 12 o'clock.
5 Z is sitting in the right direction of G.
6 G is at S's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
2 Q is over there and Y is directly below it.
3 V is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
4 R is under Y.
5 Q is at C’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the upper left of Q.
2 D is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
3 D is north east of O.
4 F is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 The object E is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
6 D is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	right	1
1 H and G are side by side with G at the bottom and H on the top.
2 T is on the lower left of O.
3 P is over there and O is directly below it.
4 S is sitting in the left direction of E.
5 T and H are parallel, and T on the left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 V and K are side by side with V to the left and K to the right.
2 O is on the top and I is at the bottom.
3 S is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 N is directly north west of V.
5 G is below S at 7 o'clock.
6 W is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 L is over there and J is on the right of it.
2 The object Q is positioned directly above the object L.
3 T is on the left side and above K.
4 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object K.
5 U is sitting at the upper left position to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 G presents right to H.
3 M is above H and to the left of H.
4 K is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 If W is the center of a clock face, N is located between 7 and 8.
6 Object G is below object L and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 D is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
3 J is positioned left to T.
4 X is placed at the upper right of Z.
5 R is above G.
6 G is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	above	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
2 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
3 E is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
4 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
5 D is at E's 6 o'clock.
6 The object M and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 L is placed at the bottom of P.
2 W is upper left of J.
3 K is at the bottom of V.
4 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
5 Y is to the upper left of P.
6 P and K are vertical and P is below K.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	below	1
1 N is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
3 N is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
4 Object A is above object E and to the right of it, too.
5 M is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 I is on the upper right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 G and P are parallel, and G on the right of P.
3 X is over there and W is on the right.
4 P and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
5 G is to the right of K.
6 A presents over B.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 N presents right to B.
2 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above N.
3 H is sitting at the upper left position to R.
4 The object X and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object X.
5 C is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper left of B.
2 Q is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Z is on the right side to B.
4 B is placed in the right direction of O.
5 U is to the right of V horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 L is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 J is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 If Z is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
5 L is placed in the left direction of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of B.
2 T is below L and to the left of L.
3 Y is on the right side and top of L.
4 A is south east of L.
5 U is below and to the left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 Z is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
3 M presents below Z.
4 O is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 Z is directly north east of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
2 F is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
3 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
4 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object Q.
5 F and H are parallel, and F on the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 T is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
3 E is below K and to the left of K.
4 K is to the upper left of Q.
5 E is at F's 6 o'clock.
6 H is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
2 L is below B with a small gap between them.
3 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
4 P is on the right side and top of M.
5 A is on the right side and top of L.
6 I is to the top-left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	right	1
1 J and F are next to each other with J on the left and F on the right.
2 I is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
3 U presents lower right to Q.
4 U and K are next to each other with U on the top and K at the bottom.
5 Z presents lower left to D.
6 Q and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom Q on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 Object Q is above object W and to the left of it, too.
3 Y is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
5 D is lower left to N.
6 V presents left to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 M is at the bottom of Y.
2 K is over there and U is directly below it.
3 W is over there and H is on the top of it.
4 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
5 W is directly above Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	below	1
1 R and I are in a vertical line with I below R.
2 Y is diagonally left and below D.
3 I is to the upper left of C.
4 Q is to the bottom left of C.
5 Q is upper left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	below	1
1 Q is directly south west of M.
2 H and Z are parallel, and Z is below H.
3 R is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 H and Q are both there with the object H above the object Q.
5 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
6 B is below S at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the bottom of B vertically.
2 G is placed at the upper right of D.
3 R is at the lower side of S.
4 F is placed at the upper right of Y.
5 Q is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
6 Y is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 K presents upper left to I.
2 J is diagonally to the bottom right of Y.
3 K is positioned below and to the right of J.
4 A is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 A is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 D is placed at the bottom of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 O is north west of U.
2 K is to the right of W horizontally.
3 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
4 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
5 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
6 M is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 R presents lower right to L.
2 J and F are both there with the object J is to the right of object F.
3 Y is below and to the left of H.
4 F is to the top-right of X.
5 L and X are next to each other with X on the right and L on the left.
6 A is positioned up and to the right of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object B.
2 M and R are side by side with M to the left and R to the right.
3 R is directly below T.
4 H and M are next to each other with M on the right and H on the left.
5 W is placed at the lower left of O.
6 M is at Y's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	above	1
1 D presents over Y.
2 H is below Y at 7 o'clock.
3 F is upper right to H.
4 E is on the right side and below A.
5 F presents upper right to J.
6 If J is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 U is above T at 10 o'clock.
2 T and Y are both there with the object T is to the left of object Y.
3 B presents over I.
4 F is positioned in the front right corner of B.
5 T is on top of B.
6 W is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
3 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
4 W is placed at the upper left of Q.
5 X is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 G and O are horizontal and G is to the left of O.
2 C is on the right side to O.
3 Q is lower right of U.
4 O is on the lower left of P.
5 C is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
6 M is sitting in the left direction of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	right	1
1 T is directly north east of M.
2 T is over there and X is directly above it.
3 W and X are both there with the object X below the object W.
4 E and Q are both there with the object E above the object Q.
5 T is positioned below P and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	above	1
1 Y is to the upper left of B.
2 P is over there and Y is on the right.
3 D is to the top-left of R.
4 Object Y is below object H and to the right of it, too.
5 M and H are parallel, and M is on top of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the upper right of C.
2 S is on the right and L is on the left.
3 X is over there and L is on the right of it.
4 C is placed at the lower right of I.
5 If N is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	right	1
1 K is sitting in the left direction of Z.
2 Y is placed at the upper left of F.
3 Z is on the left and F is on the right.
4 K is sitting at the lower right position to O.
5 X is positioned below N and to the right.
6 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	above	1
1 Object M is above object S and to the left of it, too.
2 R is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 Q is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 C is to the upper left of R.
5 G and K are parallel, and G is on top of K.
6 G is positioned above I.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	above	1
1 F is above N and to the left of N.
2 F is at U's 3 o'clock.
3 E is diagonally below C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 P is over there and D is on the right of it.
5 F is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	below	1
1 N is to the right of I horizontally.
2 S and G are next to each other with S on the left and G on the right.
3 B is to the left of S horizontally.
4 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
5 P is on the lower left of I.
6 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	right	1
1 F is at the lower side of H.
2 R and C are horizontal and R is to the left of C.
3 Y is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 I is directly north west of H.
5 C is sitting at the upper right position to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 O is over there and T is on the right.
2 Q is to the left of X.
3 Q is below O.
4 I is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 O is on top of Z.
6 Y is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 X is on the left and T is on the right.
2 G is positioned left to P.
3 P is at the lower side of D.
4 D is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
6 Object I is below object G and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	right	1
1 L is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
2 O and G are both there with the object O above the object G.
3 E is directly north east of O.
4 W is positioned below and to the right of O.
5 P is over there with W above.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 V is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 Q is on the lower left of J.
3 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
4 V is to the right of X.
5 G is over there and V is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 K and A are parallel, and A is below K.
2 R presents right to C.
3 T is at the bottom of V.
4 D is to the left of V with a small gap between them.
5 C is diagonally left and below D.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	right	1
1 B is at J’s 9 o'clock.
2 H is to the right of R horizontally.
3 H is positioned right to J.
4 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
5 B and W are parallel, and B is to the left of W.
6 G and I are next to each other with I on the right and G on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 Object F is above object D and to the left of it, too.
2 E is over there and N is on the left of it.
3 N is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
4 P is sitting in the right direction of N.
5 Q is to the left of E horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	left	1
1 T is on the left side to Y.
2 The object H is positioned directly above the object L.
3 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
4 A is positioned right to K.
5 A is above T with a small gap between them.
6 Y is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 G is placed at the bottom of L.
2 I is positioned in the top left corner of H.
3 A is directly north east of V.
4 I is diagonally left and below V.
5 V is above M with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 O is directly below S.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
3 U is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 O is to the left of N horizontally.
5 N is sitting in the left direction of F.
6 V is diagonally left and below L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 K is above A and to the left of A.
2 M is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
3 I is to the upper left of D.
4 F presents lower right to A.
5 A is south west of W.
6 X is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting at the upper left position to K.
2 T is at O's 6 o'clock.
3 R is below T.
4 K and C are both there with the object K is to the left of object C.
5 O is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
6 H and A are side by side with H on the top and A at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	right	1
1 N and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and N on the left.
2 Y is above P.
3 S is to the upper left of P.
4 X is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 V and I are parallel, and V is to the right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the top-left of Y.
2 L is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 D and X are vertical and D is below X.
4 Q presents upper right to D.
5 Q is on top of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
3 A presents left to S.
4 C is above L at 2 o'clock.
5 C is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Object V is below object P and to the left of it, too.
2 H is to the top-right of X.
3 M is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
4 V is at the bottom of X vertically.
5 A is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 M is diagonally right and below I.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	above	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object H.
2 M is diagonally right and above B.
3 O is positioned above X and to the right.
4 L is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
5 X is over there and H is on the left.
6 S and L are both there with the object L below the object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 H and B are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
2 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
3 S is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
4 Z is below N with a small gap between them.
5 N is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
6 Z is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the right of P.
2 A is diagonally right and below C.
3 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object D.
4 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
5 V is below A and to the right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	below	1
1 V is to the left of F.
2 F and C are side by side with F to the left and C to the right.
3 H is placed in the left direction of K.
4 O is below C.
5 H is below F and to the left of F.
6 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	right	1
1 C is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 V is to the top right of C.
3 O is on the top and G is at the bottom.
4 U is at the bottom of C vertically.
5 U and N are both there with the object U is to the right of object N.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	below	1
1 L and A are both there with the object L is to the right of object A.
2 Object T is above object S and to the left of it, too.
3 X is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
4 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
5 A is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 Q and L are parallel, and Q is to the right of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
2 The objects Z and E are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 O is placed at the lower left of X.
4 N is to the top-left of E.
5 Q is to the top right of A.
6 The object Z is positioned directly below the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally left and above C.
2 F and E are horizontal and F is to the left of E.
3 The objects B and E are over there. The object B is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 E is upper right to O.
5 Q is diagonally right and below B.
6 Q and Z are side by side with Q to the left and Z to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned right to K.
2 O and J are next to each other with O on the left and J on the right.
3 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
4 K is to the upper left of V.
5 M is above Y and to the left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	right	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of J.
2 A is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
3 K is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 Object Q is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
5 Z is on the left and I is on the right.
6 E is to the bottom-left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to O.
2 S is positioned in the front right corner of P.
3 V is at the lower side of U.
4 If V is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
5 V is to the right of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 V is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	left	1
1 Z is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 R presents below D.
3 B is placed at the lower left of Z.
4 I and W are side by side with I to the right and W to the left.
5 U is over there and A is directly above it.
6 U and Z are parallel, and U is on top of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	left	1
1 U is above and to the right of W.
2 T presents upper left to E.
3 I is above W and to the left of W.
4 W is above O at 10 o'clock.
5 F is upper left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 M is placed on the top of K.
2 Z is positioned right to M.
3 J and E are both there with the object E below the object J.
4 C is lower right of Q.
5 Z is positioned left to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the right side and below P.
2 N and Y are in a vertical line with N on top.
3 R is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
4 Y is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
5 E is placed in the right direction of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	below	1
1 P is positioned below W and to the right.
2 Y is north east of E.
3 Y is north west of K.
4 I and P are in a vertical line with I on top.
5 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
6 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	above	1
1 M and N are next to each other with M on the top and N at the bottom.
2 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
3 I is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
4 Object L is below object M and to the right of it, too.
5 H is above N and to the right of N.
6 F is below C and to the right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	above	1
1 Object U is below object D and to the right of it, too.
2 U and R are parallel, and R is below U.
3 C is at R’s 9 o'clock.
4 L is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
5 G presents below W.
6 The object Q and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 D is placed at the upper left of B.
2 Q is above X and to the right of X.
3 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
4 The object Y is positioned directly above the object V.
5 D is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 Q is directly south west of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 W is on the right side to R.
2 C is directly above Z.
3 H is north west of E.
4 P is positioned above and to the left of E.
5 R is at H's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	left	1
1 Object A is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 A is south west of J.
3 F is north west of J.
4 N and B are side by side with N to the left and B to the right.
5 C is above P and to the right of P.
6 The objects P and T are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
2 D is to the left of X.
3 R is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
4 D and Z are horizontal and D is to the right of Z.
5 X is below and to the right of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	above	1
1 K is over there and O is on the right.
2 G is on the lower right of O.
3 J is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
4 K is below Q and to the right of Q.
5 R is to the bottom-right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	right	1
1 E is above and to the left of Y.
2 N is above O.
3 Q and V are both there with the object Q above the object V.
4 F is directly north east of V.
5 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
6 R and E are side by side with E at the bottom and R on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 P is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 K is to the top-right of H.
3 J is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
4 K is positioned above Y.
5 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
2 A is positioned in the top left corner of K.
3 A is diagonally right and below Z.
4 Z is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 F is placed at the upper left of I.
6 O is to the bottom right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there and A is on the right.
2 H is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
3 H presents right to I.
4 Z presents lower right to F.
5 K and I are side by side with K on the top and I at the bottom.
6 Q and I are parallel, and Q on the right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	right	1
1 T and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and T on the left.
2 E is positioned below U.
3 J is over there and C is directly below it.
4 The objects N and T are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
5 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
6 M and Y are parallel, and M is over Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Q and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 K is to the left of R.
3 M and E are horizontal and M is to the right of E.
4 U and Y are next to each other with U on the left and Y on the right.
5 E is over there and R is on the top of it.
6 K is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
2 W is on the top side to Z.
3 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
4 K and H are in a vertical line with H below K.
5 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 C and M are side by side with C on the top and M at the bottom.
2 G is sitting in the right direction of D.
3 O and M are next to each other with M at the bottom O on the top.
4 The objects M and K are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
5 Q is below V at 4 o'clock.
6 C is positioned below G and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 G is directly above X.
2 G is sitting at the top position to P.
3 P is over there and B is directly below it.
4 G is north east of Q.
5 S is over there and N is on the left of it.
6 P is on the left side to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	below	1
1 T is at the lower side of P.
2 Z is above Q.
3 D is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Z is below U with a small gap between them.
5 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
6 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 T is to the top-right of E.
3 E is placed in the left direction of G.
4 C is at the lower side of X.
5 F is over there and Q is on the left.
6 C is sitting at the lower right position to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	below	1
1 S is south east of X.
2 Q is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 C is above X.
4 X is over there and W is directly below it.
5 B is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 Z is below C with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 J is diagonally right and above H.
3 L is positioned below N and to the left.
4 I is placed at the upper right of L.
5 F is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 B is over there and F is on the right.
3 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
4 F is upper left of O.
5 S is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 K and U are both there with the object U below the object K.
2 W is at the bottom of Q vertically.
3 B is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
4 M is above B and to the left of B.
5 G is lower right of T.
6 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 F is over there and J is on the top of it.
3 X is to the left of B horizontally.
4 J is sitting at the lower position to P.
5 J presents lower right to B.
6 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
3 M presents lower left to B.
4 F is south west of H.
5 M presents upper right to H.
6 O presents left to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the right side to B.
2 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
3 V is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 F is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
5 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 U is positioned below Y and to the left.
2 W is positioned down and to the left of U.
3 D is over there and W is directly below it.
4 I is on the right side and top of V.
5 D and K are in a vertical line with K below D.
6 The object U is positioned directly above the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	above	1
1 Q is positioned left to G.
2 O is positioned below D and to the left.
3 B is diagonally to the upper right of O.
4 Q is on the left side and above O.
5 K is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	left	1
1 I is north west of A.
2 D is above A at 10 o'clock.
3 D is on the left side and above Y.
4 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
5 If D is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
6 M is to the top-right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 G presents right to N.
2 N is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 N is to the left of B horizontally.
4 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object C.
5 The object I and L are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
6 O is below and to the right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 T is lower left to K.
2 C is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 C and G are parallel, and C is on top of G.
4 Y and G are vertical and Y is below G.
5 G is at X's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned below T and to the right.
2 J and W are vertical and J is above W.
3 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
4 Q is to the upper left of J.
5 D is positioned above G.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	right	1
1 P is at V's 6 o'clock.
2 V is over there and D is on the top of it.
3 K is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
4 The object D and L are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
5 L presents upper left to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	above	1
1 D is above A and to the right of A.
2 R is to the upper left of K.
3 A is on the right side to Z.
4 D is sitting at the upper right position to C.
5 The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
6 I is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	below	1
1 S is placed at the lower right of K.
2 T is sitting at the upper right position to M.
3 G is to the bottom-left of M.
4 E is on the top and O is at the bottom.
5 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
6 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
2 S is placed on the top of U.
3 K is positioned below and to the right of P.
4 F is at the lower side of S.
5 If S is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 F is placed at the upper right of D.
2 X is over there and H is on the right of it.
3 The object T is positioned directly above the object S.
4 T is directly south east of F.
5 D is on the upper right of E.
6 D is below I.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 D is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 C and D are both there with the object C is to the left of object D.
4 X is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
5 F is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 D is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	right	1
1 B is placed at the upper right of S.
2 V is sitting at the lower left position to U.
3 B is at A's 12 o'clock.
4 R is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 S is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
6 T and R are horizontal and T is to the right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
2 Q presents over X.
3 S is on the right side and top of Y.
4 X is on the left and S is on the right.
5 I is at the bottom of Y vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 Q and I are next to each other with I on the right and Q on the left.
3 B is on the right and E is on the left.
4 Q is positioned above G and to the right.
5 I is to the left of S.
6 E is at I’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the left side of and below Z.
2 R is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
4 Z is positioned above and to the left of F.
5 R presents right to Z.
6 D is positioned above V and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	right	1
1 Object U is below object A and to the left of it, too.
2 P and U are next to each other with P on the left and U on the right.
3 L is over there and A is directly above it.
4 M is to the bottom left of N.
5 G is upper left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	right	1
1 Q is below C and to the left of C.
2 L is sitting at the top position to F.
3 J is below Y.
4 The object R and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
5 Q is to the bottom-right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 T is placed at the bottom of S.
2 T and P are parallel, and T is under P.
3 U is sitting at the upper right position to W.
4 S and C are parallel, and S on the left of C.
5 R is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 The object S is positioned directly below the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of J.
2 I is over there and B is directly below it.
3 The object B is positioned directly below the object Y.
4 N is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 N presents upper right to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	below	1
1 L is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 K is to the top-left of B.
3 B is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 Object J is below object A and to the right of it, too.
5 A is placed at the upper left of K.
6 C is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 U is on the top and I is at the bottom.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 A is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
4 I is directly north east of E.
5 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
6 Z is north east of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 F and S are next to each other with S on the right and F on the left.
2 G is to the top-right of O.
3 S is diagonally to the upper left of C.
4 J is over there and X is directly below it.
5 G is positioned above S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 U is to the upper left of N.
2 E and T are in a vertical line with T below E.
3 T is sitting at the lower position to Q.
4 T is positioned left to J.
5 Z is on the upper right of B.
6 Q is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 V and G are next to each other with G on the right and V on the left.
2 X is diagonally right and above V.
3 N is at D’s 9 o'clock.
4 P is directly below T.
5 O is above P and to the right of P.
6 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the right of G.
2 R is positioned above N and to the right.
3 K presents upper left to T.
4 E is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 K is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	right	1
1 L is to the bottom left of I.
2 Q is directly south east of L.
3 P is at the bottom of Q vertically.
4 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
5 N is on top of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	below	1
1 X and V are next to each other with X on the left and V on the right.
2 I is placed in the left direction of F.
3 M is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower righthand corner.
4 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
5 C is positioned left to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the upper left of Q.
2 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
3 G and R are side by side with G to the left and R to the right.
4 P is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
5 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object W.
6 If H is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Y and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
3 L is over there and A is directly above it.
4 R is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 V is lower left to U.
6 A is on the lower right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the upper left of F.
2 X is positioned in the lower right corner of F.
3 X is under V.
4 J is placed at the upper right of X.
5 A is below U.
6 R is positioned down and to the left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 P is on top of O.
2 P is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 X is to the top-left of Q.
4 Object I is below object T and to the right of it, too.
5 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
6 M is placed in the right direction of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the upper left of D.
2 M is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 N is south east of M.
4 N is on the right side and top of R.
5 B is over there with I above.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 A and I are side by side with A to the right and I to the left.
2 P is diagonally right and above C.
3 U is positioned above B and to the right.
4 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
5 X is over there and I is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 D is placed in the left direction of Q.
2 Q is directly above L.
3 P is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
5 G is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 H is on the left side of and below P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 R is below and to the left of T.
2 R is sitting in the left direction of Y.
3 Object R is above object I and to the left of it, too.
4 I is on the right side to L.
5 B presents right to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 E is at B's 6 o'clock.
2 K is on the upper right of Y.
3 B is directly above K.
4 R is on the lower right of E.
5 Y is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
6 M is placed at the bottom of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly above L.
2 R is directly above V.
3 K is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 U is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
5 V is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P is directly south east of V.
2 V and H are side by side with H at the bottom and V on the top.
3 N is sitting in the right direction of G.
4 F is to the left of V horizontally.
5 E is on the upper right of H.
6 R is to the left of E horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	left	1
1 U is over there and X is on the right.
2 F is positioned left to D.
3 X is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 V is above U at 10 o'clock.
5 J is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
2 L is at V's 12 o'clock.
3 F and N are both there with the object F above the object N.
4 R is positioned below X.
5 Q is above R at 2 o'clock.
6 G is under X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	above	1
1 B is over there and Y is on the left of it.
2 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object A.
3 If Y is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
4 H is positioned in the top left corner of E.
5 O is to the top-right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	below	1
1 G is below C with a small gap between them.
2 S presents lower right to G.
3 Z is positioned up and to the right of S.
4 G and N are parallel, and G is over N.
5 H presents below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Q is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 W is positioned down and to the left of Q.
3 A is sitting at the top position to O.
4 Q is north west of K.
5 K is at F's 3 o'clock.
6 Q is over there and N is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
2 X is positioned below D.
3 The object T and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
4 H is placed at the upper right of U.
5 X and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
6 X is positioned up and to the right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
2 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
3 J is north east of H.
4 Q and Y are vertical and Q is above Y.
5 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
6 C presents upper left to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the bottom right of K.
2 I is positioned below M and to the right.
3 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
4 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
5 Y is over there and K is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	below	1
1 N and G are parallel, and N is over G.
2 Z is over L.
3 K and P are in a vertical line with K on top.
4 P is on the same vertical plane directly above H.
5 Z and T are next to each other with Z on the left and T on the right.
6 L is at the lower side of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	below	1
1 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 P and V are in a vertical line with P on top.
3 Y and P are side by side with Y to the left and P to the right.
4 L is directly south west of W.
5 H is south west of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	above	1
1 V is positioned above and to the left of A.
2 R is at the lower side of M.
3 D is on the top and A is at the bottom.
4 The object A and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
5 D is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 F is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
3 J is north east of U.
4 J presents below F.
5 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
2 Q presents upper left to J.
3 K and B are horizontal and K is to the left of B.
4 V and A are in a vertical line with A below V.
5 A is directly above B.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 C is on the left side of and below S.
2 S is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 P is positioned below L.
4 Z is lower right of C.
5 S is to the top-left of X.
6 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 T is at U's 3 o'clock.
2 Y is to the left of D.
3 G is to the top right of H.
4 H is sitting in the right direction of M.
5 T is upper left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 C is over there and K is directly above it.
2 V is on the right side and below K.
3 A is sitting in the right direction of F.
4 V is positioned down and to the left of G.
5 K is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the top-right of X.
2 R and L are vertical and R is below L.
3 N is diagonally left and above N.
4 Q is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 R is at N's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 V is to the left of O horizontally.
2 W is to the left of P.
3 Z is positioned below P and to the left.
4 K is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
5 P and T are both there with the object P is to the left of object T.
6 W is placed at the upper right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
2 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
3 P and M are parallel, and P is to the left of M.
4 W is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 Object E is below object N and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	above	1
1 Y is on the right and L is on the left.
2 Object O is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
3 L is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 Y is at the bottom of B vertically.
5 R is at J's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 R is at F’s 9 o'clock.
2 N presents over Z.
3 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
4 R is placed at the lower left of Z.
5 E is on top of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	above	1
1 T is on the left side and above Z.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
3 T is sitting at the upper left position to B.
4 P is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 F is south east of E.
6 T and M are vertical and T is below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
2 H and I are in a vertical line with H on top.
3 C is diagonally right and below X.
4 T is on the lower left of I.
5 T is directly north east of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	above	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
3 R presents lower right to S.
4 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
5 L and Z are in a vertical line with Z below L.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	right	1
1 Y is below K at 4 o'clock.
2 The objects R and U are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 A is above K and to the right of K.
4 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
5 H is on the top and X is at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	above	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
2 Z is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
3 K is directly north west of Z.
4 Q is placed at the bottom of H.
5 Q is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face Q.
6 Y is directly above U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the right side and below A.
2 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
3 I is sitting at the lower right position to E.
4 F and A are vertical and F is above A.
5 Y is on the left side of and below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 J is under V.
2 The object X and P are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 X is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
4 B is positioned below M.
5 W is to the right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	above	1
1 W is positioned below C and to the left.
2 W is positioned below Y.
3 V is upper left of Y.
4 U and Q are parallel, and Q is below U.
5 Y is sitting at the upper right position to O.
6 Y is over there and K is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	below	1
1 W is on the right side and top of Q.
2 Q is south west of G.
3 S is directly north east of Z.
4 W is below P and to the left of P.
5 Q is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
6 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	right	1
1 L is below Q and to the left of Q.
2 M is below C at 4 o'clock.
3 L is at J’s 9 o'clock.
4 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
5 If E is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
6 I and Q are next to each other with I on the top and Q at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 G is above Z and to the right of Z.
2 The object P is positioned directly above the object J.
3 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
4 J is positioned up and to the right of C.
5 A is on the right side to L.
6 Z and C are side by side with Z to the right and C to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 I is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 D is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object R.
4 G is diagonally to the upper left of J.
5 C is placed in the right direction of F.
6 G is to the bottom right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	above	1
1 O is upper left of E.
2 R and W are vertical and R is below W.
3 B is placed at the upper right of Q.
4 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
5 F is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
2 The object T is positioned directly below the object G.
3 K is to the bottom right of E.
4 V is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 V is sitting in the right direction of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Z and I are parallel, and Z on the left of I.
2 X is on the left side to R.
3 W is south east of K.
4 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
5 I is placed in the right direction of M.
6 I is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 Y and W are both there with the object W below the object Y.
2 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 A is directly above W.
4 W is above X and to the left of X.
5 Y is placed at the bottom of P.
6 T is above K with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 P is lower left to C.
2 J presents upper left to V.
3 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
4 V is sitting at the lower left position to C.
5 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
6 F and P are parallel, and F is on top of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there and P is on the left of it.
2 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
3 R is to the bottom right of S.
4 Q is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
6 The object P is positioned directly below the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Y is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 R and J are vertical and R is below J.
3 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
4 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
5 G is below J and to the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 R and M are side by side with R on the top and M at the bottom.
2 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object V.
3 N is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 Q is on the left side and above M.
5 M is below D and to the left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the right of A horizontally.
2 J is to the upper left of U.
3 A is directly below M.
4 H and P are in a vertical line with H on top.
5 J is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
2 Y is over there and T is on the left of it.
3 F is diagonally left and below Z.
4 F is on the lower left of K.
5 Z is placed at the lower left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the left side to L.
2 O is sitting in the right direction of M.
3 W is diagonally left and above W.
4 X is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 O and T are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 A is sitting in the right direction of Y.
2 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
3 Z is above F with a small gap between them.
4 Z is over there and U is directly above it.
5 D is placed at the bottom of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
2 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
3 J is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face J.
4 G and F are vertical and G is above F.
5 G and L are both there with the object G is to the left of object L.
6 W presents over A.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	right	1
1 V is placed at the upper right of P.
2 R is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
4 T is sitting in the right direction of A.
5 R is placed in the left direction of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	left	1
1 S is above H with a small gap between them.
2 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
3 A is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
4 F is on the lower right of S.
5 I and W are side by side with I to the left and W to the right.
6 A is below G at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the left side of and below H.
2 E and D are side by side with E on the top and D at the bottom.
3 I is to the upper left of E.
4 V is positioned left to I.
5 V is north east of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the top side to R.
2 Y is over there and X is directly above it.
3 J is on the lower left of O.
4 O is to the upper left of P.
5 R is directly north east of J.
6 P is below Q and to the right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 J is on top of U.
2 B is sitting in the left direction of Y.
3 J is on the right side to X.
4 K is to the bottom-left of X.
5 F is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	above	1
1 H is above F at 2 o'clock.
2 T is directly south east of Z.
3 T is sitting in the left direction of H.
4 K is below P and to the left of P.
5 Z is below and to the left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
2 D presents lower right to C.
3 R is below C at 7 o'clock.
4 S is above V and to the left of V.
5 E is upper left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of I.
2 S is below and to the left of I.
3 M is placed at the bottom of E.
4 M is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 K is positioned down and to the left of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	below	1
1 The objects G and H are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
3 G is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 L is to the top of G vertically.
5 L is placed at the lower right of O.
6 U is placed at the lower left of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	right	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 Y is diagonally right and above U.
3 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
4 J is lower left to U.
5 E and T are horizontal and E is to the left of T.
6 G is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper left position to P.
2 F is positioned below B and to the right.
3 B is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 G is placed at the upper right of O.
5 B is over there and X is on the left.
6 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The object U is positioned directly below the object S.
2 G is at T’s 9 o'clock.
3 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
4 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
5 W is directly below F.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	below	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 K is on the lower right of X.
3 K is diagonally above T to the right at a 45 degree.
4 H is placed at the lower left of M.
5 If T is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T and U are both there with the object T is to the left of object U.
2 Z is positioned above T and to the left.
3 O is upper left of M.
4 K is at Z's 12 o'clock.
5 W and T are in a vertical line with T below W.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 E is above and to the right of I.
2 V is on the upper right of A.
3 A is placed at the lower right of E.
4 B is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
5 I and S are in a vertical line with S below I.
6 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to I.
2 I is diagonally to the upper right of T.
3 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
4 V and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
5 D is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	below	1
1 K is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 X is to the bottom-left of I.
3 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
4 I is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
5 V is diagonally to the upper left of R.
6 I is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned left to R.
2 The object X and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object X.
3 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
4 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
5 L is upper left of O.
6 H is sitting at the lower position to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting at the top position to S.
2 Q and E are in a vertical line with E below Q.
3 B presents lower right to W.
4 O is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
5 O is placed at the lower left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 W and Z are horizontal and W is to the right of Z.
2 W is over there and V is directly below it.
3 C is positioned below and to the right of V.
4 X is at the bottom and B is on the top.
5 Z and N are both there with the object N below the object Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The object E and X are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 Q and M are parallel, and Q is over M.
3 M and N are side by side with N at the bottom and M on the top.
4 K is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
5 The objects Q and D are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 D is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 J is sitting at the top position to D.
3 L is positioned below and to the right of V.
4 F is sitting in the right direction of Q.
5 F is over there and D is on the left.
6 H is below M at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	right	1
1 G is to the bottom-left of U.
2 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
3 S is positioned below G and to the left.
4 Q is sitting in the left direction of A.
5 G is above E at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	left	1
1 O is sitting at the upper left position to N.
2 K is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 O is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
4 H is to the bottom-left of T.
5 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
6 O is placed at the lower left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 The object D and F are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 F is above X at 10 o'clock.
3 A is under R.
4 Q presents upper left to U.
5 X is placed at the bottom of Q.
6 J is to the top-right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 A and H are horizontal and A is to the right of H.
2 Object P is above object F and to the left of it, too.
3 H and S are parallel, and H is under S.
4 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
5 N is placed at the lower right of G.
6 N is below W at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 N presents upper left to W.
2 Q is at W's 3 o'clock.
3 A is under D.
4 H is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 H is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 W is placed at the upper right of O.
2 Y and D are parallel, and Y is to the right of D.
3 D is directly north west of O.
4 The object P and A are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
5 D is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	left	1
1 The objects P and X are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 Q is to the right of U.
3 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
4 S is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
5 P is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	above	1
1 A is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 The object J and N are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 F is sitting at the lower position to N.
4 U is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 P and V are both there with the object V below the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the bottom-left of V.
2 X and S are parallel, and X is over S.
3 E is positioned below X and to the left.
4 X is at the bottom of F vertically.
5 F is positioned right to Y.
6 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	right	1
1 F is north east of S.
2 Object X is above object H and to the left of it, too.
3 S is over there and A is on the right of it.
4 U is over there and C is directly above it.
5 H is north west of A.
6 X is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
2 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
3 X presents left to H.
4 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
5 H and W are side by side with H to the right and W to the left.
6 K is directly above G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z and D are there. The object Z is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 Q and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and Q on the left.
3 Q and M are both there with the object M below the object Q.
4 Z is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
5 R is on the right side and top of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	above	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
2 J is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 W and R are side by side with W on the top and R at the bottom.
4 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
5 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
6 P is positioned below O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	right	1
1 I is to the upper left of T.
2 I is above L and to the left of L.
3 F is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
4 If P is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
5 L is positioned down and to the left of E.
6 L is sitting at the upper left position to R.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 F is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
2 D is positioned in the front right corner of I.
3 Y and D are next to each other with Y on the left and D on the right.
4 O is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 Y is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower left position to K.
2 K is below Q with a small gap between them.
3 K is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 S is directly north east of D.
5 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
6 D and J are horizontal and D is to the left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
2 E presents below A.
3 Z is placed at the upper right of Y.
4 K is lower right of Y.
5 K presents lower left to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 J is directly north west of R.
2 Z is north west of C.
3 Z is diagonally to the upper left of F.
4 Z is over there and B is on the left of it.
5 D is positioned below B and to the right.
6 B is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is over there and W is directly below it.
2 Q is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 A presents lower right to E.
4 L is placed at the upper right of E.
5 E is over there and G is on the right.
6 G is positioned in the front right corner of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	below	1
1 K is positioned left to C.
2 C is diagonally left and below X.
3 Z is placed at the bottom of X.
4 T is sitting at the top position to X.
5 V is over there and Z is on the left of it.
6 I is on the left and G is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 C and F are parallel, and C on the right of F.
2 Z is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
3 F and P are parallel, and F on the left of P.
4 Z is over there and F is on the left of it.
5 A and J are next to each other with A on the top and J at the bottom.
6 Q is positioned up and to the right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	below	1
1 X is positioned up and to the right of C.
2 T is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 E is to the upper left of X.
4 E is positioned above Q and to the right.
5 P and Q are parallel, and P is over Q.
6 N is over there and C is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 R is positioned below and to the right of O.
2 N and T are in a vertical line with T below N.
3 W and V are both there with the object V below the object W.
4 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
5 I is sitting at the upper left position to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
2 T is over there and C is directly below it.
3 O and G are both there with the object G below the object O.
4 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
5 G is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned below L.
2 O is positioned above Z and to the right.
3 O and W are both there with the object O above the object W.
4 Z is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
5 Q is above O with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 O is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 I is below and to the right of R.
3 M is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
4 M is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 T is sitting at the lower position to M.
6 S is over there and Y is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	above	1
1 H is on the right and X is on the left.
2 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
3 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
4 M and T are horizontal and M is to the left of T.
5 T is upper right to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 F is directly south west of I.
2 O is directly north west of T.
3 F is to the top right of D.
4 P is sitting at the upper left position to D.
5 D is directly north east of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 G is placed in the right direction of R.
3 The object D is positioned directly below the object H.
4 F is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
5 M is placed at the bottom of Z.
6 R is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 T is on the right side and below A.
2 T presents lower right to X.
3 W is to the bottom-left of T.
4 X is on the left and V is on the right.
5 X is on the lower left of I.
6 Z is below and to the left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of R.
2 A is placed in the left direction of Z.
3 M is sitting in the left direction of V.
4 T is on the right and M is on the left.
5 R and Q are vertical and R is below Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	below	1
1 G is over there and M is directly above it.
2 X is below and to the left of M.
3 G is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
4 E is below Y.
5 T is on the left side of and below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	left	1
1 Q is directly south east of Z.
2 U is over there with V below.
3 X is above and to the right of O.
4 K is to the left of X.
5 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 O is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
2 O and H are horizontal and O is to the left of H.
3 H is placed at the upper left of Z.
4 U is sitting in the right direction of C.
5 V is below W at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
3 I and W are side by side with I on the top and W at the bottom.
4 Q is above E at 2 o'clock.
5 T is positioned in the front right corner of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned above J.
2 D is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Z is sitting at the upper left position to C.
4 G and H are next to each other with G on the top and H at the bottom.
5 J presents right to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 P is placed at the bottom of M.
2 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
3 P is positioned below U and to the right.
4 N is on the left side to U.
5 M is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
6 D is above J.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 D is to the top-right of J.
3 H is at O's 3 o'clock.
4 V is placed at the upper right of C.
5 Object G is below object O and to the left of it, too.
6 O is sitting at the lower left position to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
2 Q is placed at the bottom of H.
3 V is at N's 12 o'clock.
4 V and D are in a vertical line with V on top.
5 D is below X with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	below	1
1 W is lower left to Q.
2 K is over D.
3 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
4 S is to the left of P horizontally.
5 G is on the right side to S.
6 S and U are parallel, and U is below S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The objects F and W are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 P and H are horizontal and P is to the left of H.
3 T is positioned above L.
4 E is placed in the left direction of F.
5 N is above H and to the right of H.
6 E is directly below P.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Z is placed at the upper right of H.
2 E is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
3 N is directly above Y.
4 R is positioned right to H.
5 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
6 H and C are side by side with H to the left and C to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 D is over there and Q is directly above it.
2 Q is positioned below G and to the right.
3 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
4 Y is to the left of A horizontally.
5 P is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Z and X are side by side with X at the bottom and Z on the top.
2 I is on the left and X is on the right.
3 E and C are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
4 B is to the top-left of H.
5 O is above C and to the left of C.
6 C and I are parallel, and C is to the right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	left	1
1 B is directly south west of V.
2 W and K are vertical and W is above K.
3 C is positioned up and to the right of W.
4 M is lower left to K.
5 E is to the bottom-left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 F is below and to the right of K.
3 M is below F and to the left of F.
4 V is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	below	1
1 P is directly north west of T.
2 V and S are parallel, and V is under S.
3 T is over there and Q is on the left of it.
4 Q is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 D is placed at the lower right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	below	1
1 S is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
2 D is below T and to the right of T.
3 T is above and to the left of H.
4 H and E are parallel, and H on the left of E.
5 P is sitting at the lower position to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 D and N are side by side with N at the bottom and D on the top.
2 P is positioned above N and to the right.
3 P is positioned above and to the left of S.
4 S presents over Z.
5 E is directly above X.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object U.
2 The objects R and J are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 F is to the top-left of E.
4 F is positioned above and to the left of G.
5 E and R are side by side with E on the top and R at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	right	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
2 L is on the upper right of C.
3 I is positioned above R and to the left.
4 W is above C and to the right of C.
5 V is positioned in the front right corner of W.
6 Object W is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the right side and top of Z.
2 T is positioned below Z and to the left.
3 I is over there and L is directly above it.
4 T is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 F is below V at 4 o'clock.
6 R is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 M is below Q at 7 o'clock.
2 L is positioned above F and to the right.
3 A is below G at 7 o'clock.
4 F and O are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
5 L is diagonally to the bottom right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
2 G is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
3 H is to the upper left of F.
4 H and Y are in a vertical line with Y below H.
5 E is to the top of R vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	right	1
1 B is directly above E.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 X and F are side by side with X to the right and F to the left.
4 I is on the same vertical plane directly below A.
5 O is to the top-left of A.
6 T is at I's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object L is positioned directly above the object T.
2 The object H and S are there. The object S is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 W is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
4 V is positioned below L and to the left.
5 L is on the right and G is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Y and D are side by side with Y to the right and D to the left.
3 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
4 R is sitting at the top position to C.
5 T is positioned above N.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 I is placed at the bottom of E.
2 W is on the left side of and below X.
3 M is at R's 3 o'clock.
4 R is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
5 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
6 R is on the right and I is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	right	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 S presents lower left to Z.
3 H is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
4 G is below W and to the left of W.
5 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 Q is placed in the left direction of L.
2 D is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 G presents over X.
4 Object A is above object P and to the right of it, too.
5 Z and V are next to each other with Z on the top and V at the bottom.
6 L is on the top side to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	below	1
1 O and A are both there with the object O above the object A.
2 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
3 J is upper right to O.
4 E is diagonally to the bottom left of G.
5 A is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 M is placed at the upper right of K.
2 V is to the bottom left of J.
3 J and Z are both there with the object J above the object Z.
4 H is on the left and Z is on the right.
5 J is positioned below L and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	above	1
1 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
2 X is over there with I above.
3 X presents left to Y.
4 J is to the left of H.
5 C is placed at the lower right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 T and X are horizontal and T is to the left of X.
3 A is north east of R.
4 R is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 R is positioned right to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	left	1
1 X is over there and M is directly above it.
2 H is south west of J.
3 O is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 The object J is positioned directly above the object W.
5 Object R is below object H and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	above	1
1 Object M is below object U and to the right of it, too.
2 I is sitting in the right direction of Z.
3 I is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 B is to the upper left of D.
5 D is positioned above I and to the right.
6 The object B and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the left of Q.
2 Z is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 L is below and to the right of K.
4 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
5 Z is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 W is below and to the right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 C is on the right side and top of G.
3 The object M and U are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 E is at the lower side of V.
5 C is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	right	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
2 F and V are parallel, and F on the left of V.
3 C is directly north east of F.
4 C is below S and to the left of S.
5 A is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
6 Z is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	above	1
1 X is lower right of O.
2 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
3 H is to the top-right of Z.
4 H is upper right to P.
5 S is to the right of R horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	left	1
1 I is under A.
2 F is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 L is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
4 I is at F’s 9 o'clock.
5 N is above Q at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	above	1
1 V and U are parallel, and V on the left of U.
2 S is on the left side and above Z.
3 C is at the lower side of U.
4 Y and V are parallel, and Y on the left of V.
5 D is over there and Y is directly above it.
6 H is north east of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 N is directly north west of L.
2 J presents upper right to E.
3 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
4 C is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 S is on top of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object H.
2 Y is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower righthand corner.
3 F is sitting in the left direction of I.
4 P is placed at the lower right of Z.
5 P is on the right side to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 Z is on the left side and above H.
3 T and G are side by side with G at the bottom and T on the top.
4 T is on the lower left of J.
5 H and T are parallel, and H is over T.
6 F is on the top and S is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	below	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
3 G is on the left side to V.
4 I is over J.
5 L and U are both there with the object L above the object U.
6 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	right	1
1 G is positioned down and to the left of Q.
2 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
3 K is lower left to C.
4 K and H are side by side with K to the left and H to the right.
5 N is to the right of H.
6 Q is diagonally right and below C.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 Object B is below object G and to the left of it, too.
3 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
4 D and O are both there with the object D is to the left of object O.
5 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	left	1
1 O and D are parallel, and O is to the left of D.
2 D is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
3 J presents below R.
4 W is at the bottom of Z vertically.
5 K is at the bottom and O is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 B is sitting at the lower left position to X.
2 X is north west of K.
3 S is to the bottom right of K.
4 M is on the right and K is on the left.
5 K and T are next to each other with K on the left and T on the right.
6 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 I and F are parallel, and I is over F.
2 L is north east of H.
3 B is at the bottom of T vertically.
4 A is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
5 B is to the upper left of E.
6 I and A are parallel, and I is on top of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
2 W is on the right and K is on the left.
3 Y is over there and H is on the right of it.
4 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
5 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
6 R is sitting at the lower left position to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 N is over there and W is on the top of it.
2 U is directly south west of C.
3 C and M are in a vertical line with M below C.
4 V is at the bottom of L.
5 U is on top of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	left	1
1 U and W are both there with the object U above the object W.
2 Z is at the bottom of D.
3 H is upper right to G.
4 W is below Z at 4 o'clock.
5 J is on the upper right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 C is south west of Y.
2 E is on the left side and above H.
3 Object F is below object C and to the left of it, too.
4 H is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
5 H is diagonally left and above H.
6 M is over there with S above.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 X and K are both there with the object X above the object K.
2 W is placed at the bottom of O.
3 O presents over C.
4 C is placed at the lower left of Z.
5 W and V are parallel, and W on the right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object U and N are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 L is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Y is below S and to the left of S.
4 C is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
5 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
6 C is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the left and L is on the right.
2 L presents upper right to N.
3 B is to the top of H vertically.
4 M and N are parallel, and M is over N.
5 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 N is lower right of P.
2 E is to the upper left of I.
3 H is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 Q is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 I is positioned above and to the left of P.
6 P is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Y is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 I is positioned up and to the right of Y.
4 A is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
5 J is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face J.
6 X is lower left to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 B presents over G.
2 D and H are in a vertical line with H below D.
3 E is over there and G is on the left.
4 W is below A and to the right of A.
5 W is to the left of E horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	below	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
2 P is over there and L is directly above it.
3 X is sitting at the lower position to E.
4 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
5 I is diagonally above S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 J is on top of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	below	1
1 A is over there with T above.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
3 J is positioned up and to the right of F.
4 G presents over C.
5 D is sitting in the right direction of T.
6 T is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 I is at K’s 9 o'clock.
2 R is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
3 I is above W and to the left of W.
4 A is below K and to the left of K.
5 O and I are horizontal and O is to the left of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	above	1
1 X is positioned below M and to the right.
2 D is lower left to X.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
4 V and D are vertical and V is above D.
5 X is to the right of E horizontally.
6 G is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	left	1
1 L is on top of J.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 X and L are both there with the object X is to the left of object L.
4 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
5 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
6 M is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	right	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 R and V are next to each other with V on the right and R on the left.
3 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
4 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
5 F is diagonally to the upper right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 V is above O and to the left of O.
2 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
3 V and I are parallel, and V is to the right of I.
4 O is positioned in the top left corner of Z.
5 T and S are next to each other with T on the left and S on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned below M.
2 Y is placed in the right direction of N.
3 G is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
4 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
5 K is below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 S is above and to the right of U.
2 E presents right to Y.
3 W and J are side by side with J at the bottom and W on the top.
4 I is directly below Q.
5 I is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
6 J is to the top right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the top position to V.
2 X is lower right of N.
3 J and N are horizontal and J is to the right of N.
4 P is at the bottom and N is on the top.
5 J is to the bottom left of K.
6 J is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
2 M is on the right side to W.
3 C is positioned above and to the left of A.
4 M and X are horizontal and M is to the right of X.
5 E and X are both there with the object E is to the left of object X.
6 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the lower position to J.
2 J is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
3 S is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
4 E is below B and to the left of B.
5 Object O is below object G and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the bottom-left of G.
2 U and E are both there with the object E below the object U.
3 D presents upper left to M.
4 H and X are parallel, and H on the left of X.
5 H presents over J.
6 If X is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the lower right of Y.
2 Z and U are horizontal and Z is to the right of U.
3 S is diagonally right and below P.
4 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to K.
5 P is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	right	1
1 F is positioned below and to the right of X.
2 The object A and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 T is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
4 The object C is positioned directly above the object E.
5 C presents right to S.
6 T and Q are in a vertical line with T on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 B is placed at the upper left of T.
2 Y is over there and V is on the left.
3 T is positioned below O and to the left.
4 B is over there and U is directly below it.
5 O is south east of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	above	1
1 V is above R at 10 o'clock.
2 L presents left to I.
3 X is at R's 12 o'clock.
4 R is directly north west of Y.
5 Y is below I with a small gap between them.
6 A is to the top right of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Y and U are parallel, and Y on the left of U.
2 I is directly south west of J.
3 K is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 I is south east of R.
5 K is sitting at the upper right position to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Object P is below object N and to the right of it, too.
2 E is diagonally to the upper left of H.
3 S is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
4 E is at the bottom of N vertically.
5 Q is directly north east of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	above	1
1 V presents below G.
2 F is directly north west of B.
3 Q is positioned above and to the left of F.
4 F is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 M and J are next to each other with J on the right and M on the left.
6 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object E and to the right of it, too.
2 H is above S and to the right of S.
3 N and K are next to each other with K on the right and N on the left.
4 H is on the right side and below D.
5 E and H are parallel, and E on the left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 O and U are parallel, and O is to the right of U.
2 B is positioned below K.
3 U is over there and C is directly above it.
4 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
5 O is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 N is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
2 D and N are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
3 Y is below L at 7 o'clock.
4 Z is to the upper left of A.
5 T is upper left of Y.
6 F is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 T is below X with a small gap between them.
2 N is positioned left to E.
3 I and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
4 O presents left to P.
5 X is on the right and P is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	above	1
1 H presents left to U.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, F is located between 2 and 3.
3 F is diagonally below P to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 F is placed at the bottom of U.
5 R is directly south east of U.
6 E is positioned down and to the left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there and E is on the right.
2 M is at the lower side of X.
3 L is above Y at 2 o'clock.
4 Q is positioned above and to the left of P.
5 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 E is below P.
3 R is to the right of B horizontally.
4 Z is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
5 B and D are both there with the object B is to the right of object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned below Z.
2 H and X are parallel, and H is on top of X.
3 I and J are next to each other with I on the left and J on the right.
4 E and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
5 I and E are vertical and I is below E.
6 O and V are side by side with O on the top and V at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	above	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to U.
3 F is on the top side to U.
4 F is positioned down and to the left of G.
5 J and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and J on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
2 M is directly south west of P.
3 O is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 D is below and to the left of M.
5 T and G are parallel, and T is to the left of G.
6 P is on the top side to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 F is placed on the top of P.
2 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object J.
3 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
4 C is to the left of M horizontally.
5 The object A is positioned directly above the object Q.
6 H is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	below	1
1 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 M is at N's 6 o'clock.
3 F is to the bottom right of K.
4 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
5 G is positioned left to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	above	1
1 I and W are both there with the object I is to the right of object W.
2 F is placed in the right direction of K.
3 Z is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 L is at the bottom of W.
5 K is on the right side and top of L.
6 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	below	1
1 Q is to the bottom-left of O.
2 A is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
3 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
4 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to O.
5 B is diagonally left and below J.
6 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of O.
2 U is below and to the left of M.
3 A is to the left of I horizontally.
4 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
5 L is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 N is north east of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The objects Q and Y are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 T is below D and to the right of D.
3 The objects R and C are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
4 D is directly north east of S.
5 H is over there with T below.
6 C is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 B is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face B.
2 H is north west of E.
3 U is placed at the upper right of W.
4 F and B are both there with the object F is to the right of object B.
5 F is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to O.
2 W is positioned above J.
3 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
4 H is to the bottom left of J.
5 Q is on the left side to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	below	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of D.
2 Z is south west of E.
3 S is above and to the right of U.
4 O is over there with Y below.
5 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
6 Z and U are horizontal and Z is to the right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is to the bottom right of W.
2 U and O are next to each other with U on the top and O at the bottom.
3 C is positioned below and to the right of I.
4 T and B are side by side with T to the right and B to the left.
5 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
6 O is positioned in the front right corner of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N is below B and to the left of B.
2 Y is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 I is above Z.
4 B is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
5 Y is over there and L is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object U.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 Y and T are parallel, and Y is on top of T.
4 F and U are parallel, and F on the left of U.
5 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
6 M is at the bottom and W is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	left	1
1 P is directly south west of I.
2 J is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
3 H is positioned left to T.
4 T is above J.
5 C is at the bottom of R.
6 C is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 The object G is positioned directly below the object J.
3 H is placed at the lower left of J.
4 Z is on the left side of and below Q.
5 Y is on the right side and top of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 H is placed in the left direction of L.
2 F is at the bottom and L is on the top.
3 K and O are parallel, and K on the left of O.
4 F and V are both there with the object F is to the left of object V.
5 H and X are parallel, and H is to the right of X.
6 X is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
2 D is positioned in the top left corner of U.
3 S is above A at 10 o'clock.
4 U is placed at the lower left of H.
5 D is to the left of K.
6 K is positioned above and to the left of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the left side of and below N.
2 J is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
3 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
4 The objects U and M are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
5 D and U are parallel, and D is on top of U.
6 X and B are horizontal and X is to the left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	right	1
1 Object A is above object J and to the right of it, too.
2 Q is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
3 E is below Q.
4 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
5 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
2 J is positioned above and to the left of Y.
3 B and R are parallel, and B on the right of R.
4 A is positioned in the front right corner of B.
5 C is on top of S.
6 B is below and to the left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	above	1
1 L is over there and H is on the top of it.
2 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
4 E is over there and K is on the right.
5 Z is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	above	1
1 D and N are next to each other with N at the bottom D on the top.
2 O is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 Y presents below Q.
4 O is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 I is on the lower left of Y.
6 U is placed at the lower left of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Q and D are side by side with D at the bottom and Q on the top.
2 V is positioned right to E.
3 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
4 S is to the top right of V.
5 Y is placed at the upper right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 E is south west of A.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
3 Z is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
4 S and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
5 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Y is above and to the left of Z.
2 G is sitting at the lower position to E.
3 B and Y are parallel, and B is to the left of Y.
4 Y is below and to the left of G.
5 T is on the right side to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The object L is positioned directly above the object U.
2 U is at the bottom of R vertically.
3 A is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 R is placed in the right direction of Z.
5 O is positioned below L.
6 M presents below D.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the right of K horizontally.
2 L and Q are both there with the object L is to the left of object Q.
3 A is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 A and F are horizontal and A is to the left of F.
5 F and E are both there with the object F above the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	right	1
1 F is over there and B is on the right of it.
2 F and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom F on the top.
3 M is at the bottom of H vertically.
4 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
5 C is directly above U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H is below C.
2 V is positioned below C.
3 U is over there and I is directly below it.
4 K is positioned right to P.
5 H is on the right side and top of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
2 B is to the upper left of M.
3 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
4 B is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 D is at the lower side of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 C presents upper right to A.
2 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
3 O is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
4 F is positioned in the front right corner of D.
5 D is placed at the lower left of L.
6 Q is above D at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	right	1
1 J is on the lower right of P.
2 C is to the right of A horizontally.
3 Z is sitting in the left direction of A.
4 A and U are parallel, and A on the right of U.
5 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
6 U is on the right side and below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 G and A are horizontal and G is to the right of A.
2 Z presents below D.
3 Z is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 H is on the same vertical plane directly above A.
5 I is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 C presents over O.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	right	1
1 F and U are both there with the object F above the object U.
2 W is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 U is upper left of T.
4 M is above T and to the left of T.
5 N is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
2 Y is positioned down and to the left of I.
3 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to M.
4 The objects I and H are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
5 R is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 Z is directly north west of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally right and above V.
2 D is above H at 10 o'clock.
3 V and I are in a vertical line with I below V.
4 E is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 K and L are side by side with K to the left and L to the right.
6 E is positioned down and to the left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Z is below S at 4 o'clock.
2 S is to the bottom right of E.
3 J is to the bottom right of D.
4 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
5 F is to the left of Y horizontally.
6 J is diagonally right and below Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the top of A vertically.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
3 Q is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 C and M are both there with the object C above the object M.
5 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	above	1
1 D is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
2 C is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
3 V is directly south west of U.
4 N is placed in the left direction of G.
5 C is there and U is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 L and X are vertical and L is above X.
2 The object L is positioned directly above the object B.
3 R is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 B is above M and to the right of M.
5 B is diagonally to the upper left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 S is below I with a small gap between them.
2 Q is on the left side to L.
3 G is placed at the lower left of R.
4 E is placed in the right direction of L.
5 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
6 R is above N at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 Z is placed at the upper left of D.
3 Y is above G and to the left of G.
4 G and U are both there with the object G is to the left of object U.
5 Z is on the right side to U.
6 S is above and to the right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	left	1
1 R and M are vertical and R is above M.
2 F is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 K is at the lower side of R.
4 A is below V and to the left of V.
5 F is above L and to the left of L.
6 G presents left to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	left	1
1 D is at Z's 3 o'clock.
2 K is positioned up and to the right of F.
3 N is placed at the lower left of J.
4 N is at the bottom of Z vertically.
5 D and M are both there with the object D is to the right of object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
2 E is over there and J is on the right.
3 F is diagonally right and above E.
4 Y is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
5 P is below and to the left of J.
6 B is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	above	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
2 U presents lower left to S.
3 N is under S.
4 M is sitting at the lower right position to N.
5 T is sitting at the top position to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Z is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 P presents left to R.
3 Z is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 Z is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 If E is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
6 X is over there and O is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
2 The object I and R are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 I is above and to the left of W.
4 M and C are side by side with M to the right and C to the left.
5 R is under G.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 F and H are next to each other with F on the left and H on the right.
2 The object U and K are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 Z is diagonally to the upper left of U.
4 N is at the bottom of S vertically.
5 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	left	1
1 B is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 X and L are parallel, and X on the left of L.
3 I is positioned above B.
4 L is sitting in the left direction of H.
5 The object A is positioned directly below the object B.
6 E is over there with T below.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	left	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
2 R is over there and Y is on the left.
3 The object B is positioned directly above the object A.
4 Y and I are parallel, and Y is to the right of I.
5 J and H are parallel, and H is below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 V is south east of E.
2 Z is positioned below I and to the right.
3 Y is above P and to the right of P.
4 E is over there and Q is on the right of it.
5 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	left	1
1 U is on the left and S is on the right.
2 K is on the left side to D.
3 U is at K’s 9 o'clock.
4 Y is above D.
5 W and V are parallel, and W is on top of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	left	1
1 R is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
2 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
3 R presents right to M.
4 B is under Z.
5 H is positioned below M and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	left	1
1 H and E are vertical and H is above E.
2 Z and B are parallel, and Z is over B.
3 E is directly south west of T.
4 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
5 P is on the right and E is on the left.
6 P is directly north east of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
2 B and U are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
3 A is placed at the upper left of E.
4 V is directly south east of J.
5 E is placed in the right direction of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	below	1
1 R is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 K and C are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
3 Q is on the left side of and below A.
4 R is at the bottom and S is on the top.
5 K is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 U is over there and M is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 P is directly north west of E.
2 The objects P and I are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 A and I are side by side with I at the bottom and A on the top.
4 G is sitting at the top position to O.
5 D is over there and C is on the left.
6 P presents upper right to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
2 L is placed in the right direction of H.
3 Object Y is below object D and to the right of it, too.
4 D is on the top and T is at the bottom.
5 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	right	1
1 The objects F and Y are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 W and J are parallel, and W is on top of J.
3 H is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 M is directly south east of J.
5 Object H is above object J and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	left	1
1 O is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 O is on the upper right of N.
3 A is above V with a small gap between them.
4 A and D are both there with the object A is to the left of object D.
5 O is over there and V is directly below it.
6 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	below	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
2 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
3 Z is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 T is placed at the upper left of O.
5 C is over there and F is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	right	1
1 U is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 E is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 The object E is positioned directly above the object T.
4 M is upper left of J.
5 V is at the bottom of X vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	above	1
1 A is on the top side to J.
2 U is over K.
3 Q is directly above O.
4 J is at the bottom and S is on the top.
5 A is above and to the left of O.
6 A is on the right side and below E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Z and G are parallel, and Z on the right of G.
2 B is positioned above and to the left of Y.
3 R is over there and X is on the right.
4 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
5 B and O are parallel, and B is under O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	left	1
1 Y is on top of U.
2 Y and P are next to each other with Y on the top and P at the bottom.
3 P and M are parallel, and P on the right of M.
4 Y is placed at the lower left of E.
5 G is sitting at the lower position to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R is over there with U below.
2 H is on the left side and above L.
3 T and U are horizontal and T is to the left of U.
4 R is at Q's 6 o'clock.
5 G is to the right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	below	1
1 X is placed at the lower left of H.
2 The object X and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object X.
3 X is to the bottom-left of B.
4 Z is on the lower left of H.
5 Q is upper right to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the lower right of X.
2 S is above Z at 2 o'clock.
3 M is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 W is on the left side and above M.
5 I is on the upper right of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the left of U.
2 O is north east of V.
3 V and J are parallel, and V is over J.
4 R is lower left to V.
5 I is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 A is placed at the upper right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	right	1
1 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
2 The object Q is positioned directly below the object G.
3 T and M are parallel, and T is under M.
4 O is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 K is above M and to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	above	1
1 K and E are both there with the object K is to the right of object E.
2 I is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 Q is at the bottom of V vertically.
4 T and U are side by side with T on the top and U at the bottom.
5 S and K are parallel, and K is below S.
6 E is below V.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 Y is below and to the left of T.
2 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 F is south east of C.
4 P is below G at 7 o'clock.
5 P is to the right of T horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the top of Q vertically.
2 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object C.
3 B is on the lower left of R.
4 J is placed on the top of B.
5 Q is directly above B.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	above	1
1 L is above W.
2 C is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 W is south east of C.
4 Q and F are horizontal and Q is to the right of F.
5 R is sitting in the right direction of W.
6 I is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 T is to the left of G.
3 K and G are in a vertical line with G below K.
4 J is to the top-right of G.
5 R and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
3 J presents upper right to U.
4 Q is diagonally left and below I.
5 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of M.
2 R and P are in a vertical line with P below R.
3 D is positioned below O and to the left.
4 S is to the top right of Z.
5 M is over R.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	above	1
1 X and H are parallel, and X on the left of H.
2 U is over there and J is on the top of it.
3 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
4 V is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 J is positioned below L and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is positioned directly above the object Y.
2 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
3 Q is below I.
4 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
5 G is on the top side to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	below	1
1 H and I are next to each other with I on the right and H on the left.
2 H is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
3 I is below D and to the left of D.
4 If T is the center of a clock face, U is located between 2 and 3.
5 S is over there with Y below.
6 S is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 B is above E and to the left of E.
2 Y is sitting at the upper left position to D.
3 K is below and to the right of O.
4 B is directly north west of M.
5 Y is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 H is at T's 3 o'clock.
2 The object P is positioned above and to the left of object A.
3 H is below and to the left of A.
4 Q is at H's 3 o'clock.
5 G is to the left of L horizontally.
6 W is placed at the bottom of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 V is below and to the left of I.
2 V and L are parallel, and V on the right of L.
3 I is diagonally right and below E.
4 Q and U are parallel, and Q is to the left of U.
5 L is over there and O is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	below	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper left of G.
2 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
3 J is placed in the left direction of R.
4 If R is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
5 L and V are vertical and L is below V.
6 E is on the right and G is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned right to L.
2 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
3 A is to the upper left of C.
4 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
5 W is over there and V is on the left.
6 L is at Q's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	right	1
1 F is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
2 If U is the center of a clock face, C is located between 10 and 11.
3 Object C is below object F and to the right of it, too.
4 B is to the top of J vertically.
5 H presents over G.
6 U is below B and to the left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
2 O is over there and I is on the top of it.
3 P is south west of U.
4 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object U.
5 I is on the left side to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 F is below V at 7 o'clock.
2 Z is diagonally right and above D.
3 M is sitting at the lower left position to I.
4 Z and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and Z on the top.
5 F and D are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
6 S and Y are parallel, and S is under Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 T is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 N is sitting at the lower right position to T.
3 F is to the upper left of V.
4 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
5 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
6 The object M and P are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	left	1
1 D is over there and T is directly above it.
2 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
3 N is below and to the right of A.
4 T is to the bottom-right of A.
5 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned below and to the right of N.
2 O is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 Q is on the right side and top of V.
4 S is placed at the bottom of Q.
5 T is over there and E is directly below it.
6 N presents upper right to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned in the front right corner of K.
2 B is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
3 P and L are parallel, and L is below P.
4 K is placed in the right direction of C.
5 G is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 G is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 G and E are horizontal and G is to the right of E.
2 E is above W and to the right of W.
3 N is to the left of E horizontally.
4 V is lower right of N.
5 K is placed in the left direction of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 W and P are both there with the object W is to the right of object P.
2 T is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 U is lower right of T.
4 T is positioned in the top left corner of P.
5 X is below and to the left of Z.
6 W and M are parallel, and W on the right of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	left	1
1 Object D is below object H and to the left of it, too.
2 O is to the left of W horizontally.
3 If P is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
4 M is above and to the left of V.
5 O and H are in a vertical line with O on top.
6 H is positioned right to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object T.
2 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
3 J is placed at the upper left of C.
4 O is on the top side to W.
5 N is above B and to the left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 M is diagonally left and above M.
2 Q is positioned above and to the left of O.
3 H is to the bottom left of O.
4 H is on the upper right of J.
5 P and G are both there with the object P is to the right of object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the left side to B.
2 F presents lower left to B.
3 I is placed at the bottom of F.
4 E is diagonally to the upper left of F.
5 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object C.
6 F is sitting in the right direction of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
2 P is upper right to G.
3 D is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
4 V is directly north west of O.
5 K is to the bottom left of G.
6 K is upper left of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 O is over there and K is on the top of it.
2 K is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
3 D presents lower left to N.
4 Q is upper right to O.
5 J is on the left and O is on the right.
6 M is under X.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	above	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
2 T is on the top side to J.
3 Q is to the top of X vertically.
4 Y is sitting in the right direction of I.
5 X and J are vertical and X is above J.
6 X is to the bottom-right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 H is placed in the right direction of W.
2 R is above H with a small gap between them.
3 A is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
4 V is above and to the right of R.
5 M is placed in the right direction of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	above	1
1 Z is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 I presents lower left to C.
3 Q is to the top of U vertically.
4 Z and P are both there with the object Z is to the left of object P.
5 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Y and Q are side by side with Y to the left and Q to the right.
2 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
3 If W is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
4 B is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 S is upper right to P.
6 If Y is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
2 V and W are side by side with V to the right and W to the left.
3 R and Q are parallel, and R is under Q.
4 W is above I at 2 o'clock.
5 D and V are side by side with D on the top and V at the bottom.
6 F and I are parallel, and F is to the right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 C is over there with T above.
2 W is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
3 G is over Z.
4 Z is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 F presents below O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	below	1
1 Object B is above object J and to the left of it, too.
2 If N is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
3 D is on the right and E is on the left.
4 R is positioned down and to the left of S.
5 H is positioned above D.
6 J is positioned above D.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The objects G and J are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 U is directly north east of I.
3 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
4 U is on the right side and below P.
5 H is above W with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	right	1
1 V is positioned below W and to the left.
2 Z and C are both there with the object Z is to the right of object C.
3 E is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 The objects V and E are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
5 F is above and to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 K is placed at the lower right of T.
3 P presents right to Y.
4 N is below T and to the right of T.
5 W is directly south west of L.
6 I is at the lower side of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the right of P horizontally.
2 M is directly south east of W.
3 M and T are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
4 D is on top of R.
5 E presents upper right to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	right	1
1 Object V is above object G and to the left of it, too.
2 W is positioned right to I.
3 A is sitting at the lower position to T.
4 T and I are parallel, and T is on top of I.
5 J and T are both there with the object J is to the right of object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The object K and S are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 G is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
3 X is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
4 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
5 O is placed at the lower left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 L is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 D is at A’s 9 o'clock.
3 L is positioned above I.
4 I is diagonally right and below A.
5 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the bottom left of T.
2 L is below Q and to the left of Q.
3 If G is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
4 V is on the left side to J.
5 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
6 L is to the bottom-left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	left	1
1 W is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face W.
2 S is to the upper left of L.
3 Y is positioned above Q.
4 L presents upper left to P.
5 N is at P’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
2 G is at the bottom of Y vertically.
3 W is on the upper right of T.
4 I is positioned in the top left corner of O.
5 If A is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
6 O is below W at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned below E.
2 Q is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 O is diagonally left and below Q.
4 D is sitting at the lower right position to Q.
5 D is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
6 F is positioned down and to the left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
2 The object T and D are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 A and M are horizontal and A is to the right of M.
4 Z and L are side by side with Z on the top and L at the bottom.
5 A is on the lower left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Y is directly below Q.
2 B is at E's 12 o'clock.
3 C is at S’s 9 o'clock.
4 P is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
5 B and S are horizontal and B is to the right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the bottom-left of I.
2 I is positioned above C and to the right.
3 O is above X at 10 o'clock.
4 C is to the top-left of F.
5 I and U are parallel, and I on the left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 R is below B at 7 o'clock.
2 R is north east of O.
3 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
4 X is positioned above I and to the right.
5 O is on the right side and below H.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	right	1
1 Y is at the bottom of N.
2 B is sitting in the left direction of V.
3 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
4 Q and Y are parallel, and Q is to the right of Y.
5 T is to the top-left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 G presents upper right to R.
2 A is over there with P below.
3 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
4 S and H are vertical and S is below H.
5 If O is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
6 O and A are parallel, and O is to the right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Y and I are parallel, and I is below Y.
2 J is to the top-left of E.
3 N is above E at 10 o'clock.
4 The object S is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
5 The object E is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	below	1
1 L is below U.
2 L presents below B.
3 The object U is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
4 Y is positioned below and to the right of I.
5 Object J is below object X and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	below	1
1 I and A are both there with the object A below the object I.
2 Z is to the upper left of B.
3 The object E is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
4 A is below R and to the left of R.
5 E is lower left to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 J presents upper right to S.
2 N and S are parallel, and N is on top of S.
3 T and S are side by side with T to the left and S to the right.
4 T is lower left to U.
5 T and B are side by side with T to the left and B to the right.
6 O is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 M is south east of R.
2 N is positioned above B and to the right.
3 The objects C and B are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
4 Z is upper right to X.
5 L is sitting at the lower left position to B.
6 B is to the left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	below	1
1 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
2 W is above and to the left of Z.
3 Q is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
4 V is over L.
5 L and B are both there with the object L is to the left of object B.
6 V is under K.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	right	1
1 T is below and to the left of U.
2 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
3 Y is positioned below B and to the left.
4 P is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
5 W and A are in a vertical line with A below W.
6 F is placed at the upper right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 I and K are parallel, and I is under K.
2 O is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
3 P is above K with a small gap between them.
4 If I is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
5 R is sitting at the upper left position to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	above	1
1 Object T is below object L and to the left of it, too.
2 X is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
3 If O is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
4 V is diagonally left and below X.
5 Object D is above object R and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 N is below K and to the right of K.
2 U is below and to the right of T.
3 E is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
4 E presents over V.
5 W is to the upper left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 W is below and to the left of T.
2 T is on the left side of and below H.
3 I is sitting at the top position to Y.
4 If M is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
5 If T is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
6 Y and D are vertical and Y is above D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
2 K is on the left and Q is on the right.
3 G is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 K is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 T is to the top right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	above	1
1 L and Y are in a vertical line with Y below L.
2 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
3 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
4 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above N.
5 H is below O and to the left of O.
6 Y is positioned down and to the left of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	above	1
1 D is above I and to the right of I.
2 P is north west of H.
3 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
4 K is over there with Z above.
5 P presents right to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the left and L is on the right.
2 I and C are both there with the object I above the object C.
3 J is positioned up and to the right of L.
4 Q is positioned down and to the left of K.
5 C and J are parallel, and C is to the left of J.
6 C and H are parallel, and C is over H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	below	1
1 U is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
2 U and S are next to each other with S on the right and U on the left.
3 S and C are in a vertical line with C below S.
4 H is on the upper right of S.
5 The objects Y and F are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 O is sitting at the lower position to W.
2 E is at W’s 9 o'clock.
3 C and I are next to each other with I at the bottom C on the top.
4 E is over there and B is on the top of it.
5 W is positioned above M.
6 X is sitting at the upper left position to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the top-left of N.
2 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
3 V is sitting in the left direction of H.
4 V is below D with a small gap between them.
5 Y is south east of J.
6 H is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 Z is on top of N.
2 Y is placed at the lower right of L.
3 O is positioned down and to the left of T.
4 L is north east of C.
5 F is upper left of L.
6 Z is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the right of E.
2 Q is at the bottom of D vertically.
3 P and H are horizontal and P is to the left of H.
4 D presents upper left to G.
5 U is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the bottom right of V.
2 N is below I at 7 o'clock.
3 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
4 I and R are next to each other with R at the bottom I on the top.
5 G is above I at 2 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 N is placed in the right direction of B.
2 S is south east of L.
3 E is at the bottom of I.
4 G and S are side by side with G to the left and S to the right.
5 N is to the bottom-right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	below	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly above the object X.
2 V is on the lower right of Y.
3 V is below L.
4 V is at the bottom and B is on the top.
5 C is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	left	1
1 Y is to the top-left of S.
2 D is diagonally below K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 K is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
4 W is north east of K.
5 E and K are both there with the object E above the object K.
6 U is to the top-right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 Y is below F and to the right of F.
3 Y presents below H.
4 F is to the bottom right of S.
5 X is south west of U.
6 X is lower left to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 M is to the bottom-right of B.
2 I is on the right side and below C.
3 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
4 S is positioned in the front right corner of I.
5 If I is the center of a clock face, B is located between 4 and 5.
6 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 F is placed at the lower right of O.
2 V is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
3 T is on top of F.
4 I is above G and to the left of G.
5 G presents left to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	left	1
1 I is directly above K.
2 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
3 S is positioned up and to the right of H.
4 Y is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 M is on the left side to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
3 Y is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
5 K is positioned below and to the right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned above and to the left of T.
2 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
3 S is diagonally right and above Y.
4 H is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
5 Y is to the bottom-left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper righthand corner.
2 X is on the top and B is at the bottom.
3 V is at the lower side of P.
4 G is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 B and P are parallel, and P is below B.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	above	1
1 V is lower right of L.
2 B is south east of N.
3 S and V are side by side with V at the bottom and S on the top.
4 G is directly north west of S.
5 T is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	above	1
1 R is below P and to the right of P.
2 K is on the right side to G.
3 B is north east of F.
4 R is upper right to G.
5 P is sitting in the left direction of L.
6 Y and L are vertical and Y is below L.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 U is north east of G.
2 N presents lower right to E.
3 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
4 B is on the top and U is at the bottom.
5 X and K are parallel, and K is below X.
6 I is over there and X is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 A is over there and T is on the top of it.
2 H is above C at 2 o'clock.
3 L is over there and V is on the right.
4 A is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 A and B are horizontal and A is to the right of B.
6 B is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	above	1
1 S is to the right of W.
2 M is to the bottom left of A.
3 G is at H's 3 o'clock.
4 F is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 F is sitting at the upper right position to I.
6 G is placed at the lower right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	below	1
1 M is to the top-right of R.
2 R is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
3 T is diagonally left and above T.
4 Q is sitting in the right direction of Z.
5 S is on the left side to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Y and I are both there with the object Y above the object I.
2 K is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 L is sitting in the right direction of I.
4 K is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
5 L is on the top side to M.
6 A is positioned up and to the right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 M is positioned below U and to the right.
2 C and J are parallel, and J is below C.
3 J and Y are next to each other with J on the top and Y at the bottom.
4 C and U are horizontal and C is to the right of U.
5 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
6 Y and N are next to each other with Y on the left and N on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Object X is below object S and to the left of it, too.
2 T presents left to J.
3 S is over there and B is on the top of it.
4 J is below X with a small gap between them.
5 G is at R's 6 o'clock.
6 U is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	left	1
1 I is to the right of J horizontally.
2 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
3 U and I are next to each other with U on the left and I on the right.
4 F is on the right side and below J.
5 Y is to the bottom-left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the lower position to F.
2 R is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
3 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to L.
4 I is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
5 F is over there and D is on the right.
6 W is to the top-right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	above	1
1 N and A are both there with the object N is to the right of object A.
2 N is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
3 R is positioned right to S.
4 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
5 D is on the left side and above L.
6 O and A are both there with the object A below the object O.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 N and O are parallel, and N on the right of O.
2 M and V are side by side with M to the right and V to the left.
3 R is at the lower side of A.
4 Z is to the top-left of I.
5 V is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
6 V is below R at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 C is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Z is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 X is positioned left to Q.
4 R is positioned above E.
5 Q presents over C.
6 K is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 W and U are next to each other with W on the top and U at the bottom.
2 E is sitting at the lower left position to C.
3 E and U are next to each other with U on the right and E on the left.
4 O is at U’s 9 o'clock.
5 W is at the lower side of V.
6 X is at the bottom and P is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 X is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 Y is on the left side to K.
3 O is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
4 H is south west of G.
5 H is above O and to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	left	1
1 P is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 V and X are side by side with X at the bottom and V on the top.
3 T is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
4 X is on the right side to L.
5 L is on the right side and top of T.
6 N presents lower left to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	above	1
1 S is below and to the left of D.
2 X is on the right side to C.
3 O is on the left and X is on the right.
4 C is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
5 X is to the right of V horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the left of H horizontally.
2 M is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
3 Object D is below object C and to the right of it, too.
4 D is on the left side and above A.
5 H is on the left side of and below J.
6 H and C are next to each other with H on the top and C at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	below	1
1 U is south west of H.
2 I is below U with a small gap between them.
3 The object G is positioned directly below the object F.
4 The object U is positioned directly below the object G.
5 H is to the right of J.
6 B is below Y at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	below	1
1 P is on the left side of and below E.
2 A and G are both there with the object G below the object A.
3 A is sitting at the lower right position to P.
4 W is at H's 6 o'clock.
5 The object P and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object P.
6 Z is positioned below and to the right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
2 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
3 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
4 H and K are parallel, and H on the left of K.
5 Y is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 T is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object G.
2 D is on the lower right of K.
3 I is sitting at the lower right position to A.
4 D is positioned down and to the left of W.
5 G is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 F and D are vertical and F is below D.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 J is on the right side to Z.
3 Z and L are vertical and Z is below L.
4 G is sitting at the upper right position to J.
5 U is placed at the upper right of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to S.
2 Y is positioned above B and to the left.
3 H is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 L is positioned down and to the left of P.
5 L and V are side by side with L to the right and V to the left.
6 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	above	1
1 I is placed in the left direction of V.
2 S is placed in the right direction of F.
3 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
4 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
5 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
6 If M is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the bottom-left of F.
2 F is south west of N.
3 M is to the bottom-right of G.
4 D is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 The objects R and D are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 D is over there and K is on the top of it.
2 W is over there with F above.
3 J is sitting at the upper right position to E.
4 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
5 D is to the bottom left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 S is sitting at the lower position to Q.
2 M and O are both there with the object M is to the right of object O.
3 O is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
4 O and H are next to each other with H on the right and O on the left.
5 E presents lower left to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned above E and to the right.
2 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
4 T is on the left side of and below H.
5 T is placed in the left direction of I.
6 T is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	below	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
2 F is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
3 R is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
4 Z is positioned left to Y.
5 The object Z is positioned directly above the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 R is positioned right to W.
3 Y is over there and R is on the left of it.
4 N is on the top side to Z.
5 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object O.
6 G is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 M is south west of E.
3 Object M is below object K and to the left of it, too.
4 S is to the upper left of T.
5 T and M are parallel, and T is on top of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	above	1
1 V is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 V is positioned down and to the left of N.
3 V is over there and U is on the left of it.
4 N is over there and E is directly below it.
5 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 A presents below J.
2 R is over there and B is on the right.
3 Q is over there and B is on the top of it.
4 A and P are next to each other with A on the top and P at the bottom.
5 B is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
6 X and T are side by side with X to the left and T to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 W and B are next to each other with B at the bottom W on the top.
2 W is to the right of I.
3 B is placed at the bottom of H.
4 Q is at the bottom and A is on the top.
5 A is on the left side of and below W.
6 C and G are in a vertical line with G below C.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the right and P is on the left.
2 H is over there and D is on the right.
3 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
4 H and W are both there with the object H is to the left of object W.
5 If S is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
6 W is below G and to the right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 P is below Z.
2 X is above R and to the right of R.
3 If B is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
4 P is sitting at the lower right position to U.
5 X is below P and to the left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 N is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
3 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
4 G and T are parallel, and G on the right of T.
5 L is placed at the lower right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
2 T and D are in a vertical line with T on top.
3 D is on the right side to Z.
4 S is below V.
5 Z is sitting at the upper left position to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	above	1
1 F is under Y.
2 F and X are next to each other with F on the top and X at the bottom.
3 X is on the left and H is on the right.
4 N is upper right to D.
5 H is below I and to the right of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the bottom right of G.
2 G and V are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
3 J is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
4 Z is positioned above and to the left of J.
5 J is over there and K is on the top of it.
6 L is at F’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	above	1
1 D is over there and I is on the right.
2 M is sitting at the lower left position to N.
3 A is above and to the left of D.
4 Y is over there and R is on the left.
5 R is over there and J is directly above it.
6 D is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 N is to the bottom left of D.
2 F is north west of H.
3 X is positioned in the lower right corner of F.
4 Q is sitting in the left direction of F.
5 H is north west of I.
6 If H is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 U and M are in a vertical line with U on top.
2 M and P are parallel, and M is to the right of P.
3 P is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 B is at N's 12 o'clock.
5 O and U are parallel, and O is under U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 B is lower left to X.
2 Z and B are parallel, and Z is over B.
3 Q is to the bottom left of I.
4 E is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 X and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Y is positioned in the top left corner of J.
2 Q is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 O is positioned below and to the right of E.
4 E is below R and to the right of R.
5 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
6 R is below Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	below	1
1 J and Y are in a vertical line with J on top.
2 J is on the left side of and below T.
3 D is to the top of M vertically.
4 J is below C at 7 o'clock.
5 U is to the top of G vertically.
6 Object J is below object G and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 L and J are horizontal and L is to the left of J.
2 Object B is above object L and to the left of it, too.
3 K is on the right side and top of J.
4 B is positioned below W and to the left.
5 Y is below J at 4 o'clock.
6 H is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 I is over there and Q is directly below it.
2 N is placed in the left direction of Q.
3 G is sitting in the left direction of C.
4 O and J are next to each other with O on the left and J on the right.
5 J presents lower right to D.
6 N is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Q is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
3 D is on the right side and top of L.
4 E is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 I is at L's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 W is placed at the upper right of S.
2 J is diagonally right and below C.
3 J is over there and S is on the right of it.
4 A is below Z at 4 o'clock.
5 Object B is below object C and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the lower side of B.
2 A is positioned right to L.
3 A and G are side by side with G at the bottom and A on the top.
4 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
5 Q and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
6 A and Q are parallel, and Q is below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	right	1
1 L is over there and W is directly below it.
2 K and J are parallel, and K is over J.
3 S and L are side by side with S on the top and L at the bottom.
4 D is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
5 R is on the upper right of W.
6 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the right of A horizontally.
2 H is south east of V.
3 H is below G at 7 o'clock.
4 Y is below W and to the right of W.
5 A is to the top-right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 C is directly south west of J.
2 U is above F and to the left of F.
3 F is over there and T is on the left of it.
4 T is on the lower left of Z.
5 A is on top of T.
6 A is over there and E is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting in the left direction of F.
2 V is positioned left to A.
3 M and D are horizontal and M is to the right of D.
4 Y and A are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
5 Object O is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 E is over there and D is on the left.
2 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 The objects D and N are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
4 E is placed in the right direction of L.
5 If P is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
6 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 W is positioned left to R.
2 M and R are in a vertical line with R below M.
3 Q is positioned in the front right corner of W.
4 S is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
5 K and T are both there with the object K is to the right of object T.
6 W presents below Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there and W is on the right.
2 Z is on the lower right of I.
3 E is placed at the upper right of O.
4 Z and A are parallel, and Z is to the left of A.
5 I is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the lower right position to I.
2 The objects Z and P are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 J is diagonally right and above Z.
4 H is positioned in the front right corner of T.
5 J is at T’s 9 o'clock.
6 N is sitting at the lower right position to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 N is below C and to the right of C.
2 S is positioned left to I.
3 N is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 F and C are next to each other with F on the top and C at the bottom.
5 B presents left to N.
6 E is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	left	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 W is on the right side to Y.
3 T is to the bottom-left of Q.
4 G is on the right side and top of Y.
5 X and B are parallel, and X is over B.
6 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	right	1
1 C is positioned in the front right corner of R.
2 E is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
3 F is north west of K.
4 G and U are both there with the object G is to the right of object U.
5 U is sitting in the left direction of A.
6 R is on the right side to G.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 H and Y are parallel, and H is to the right of Y.
2 F is on the right side and below H.
3 O is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 W is under U.
5 Y is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 V is above and to the right of Y.
2 M is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
3 B and X are side by side with B to the left and X to the right.
4 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
5 J is upper right to I.
6 B is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned down and to the left of Z.
2 L is sitting at the upper left position to T.
3 L is on the lower right of P.
4 L is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
5 L and M are side by side with L to the left and M to the right.
6 G is at the lower side of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	above	1
1 Z and N are parallel, and Z is on top of N.
2 F is positioned right to Z.
3 E is to the left of R.
4 V and M are side by side with V to the right and M to the left.
5 H is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 Z is directly north west of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 O and L are next to each other with L at the bottom O on the top.
2 K is positioned up and to the right of H.
3 If S is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
4 L and H are parallel, and L is to the right of H.
5 F is to the upper left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 A and J are parallel, and A on the right of J.
2 J is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
3 W is on the left and A is on the right.
4 If Q is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
5 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
6 The object C and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 O is placed at the lower right of R.
2 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
3 P is placed at the lower left of O.
4 R and M are parallel, and R on the left of M.
5 M is above and to the left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 A is below and to the right of X.
2 L is on top of A.
3 N is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 B and A are in a vertical line with B on top.
5 D is positioned above A and to the right.
6 H is positioned above D.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 L is over there and A is on the right.
3 H is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
4 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
5 Y is placed in the left direction of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 G is at the lower side of C.
2 N is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 C is to the bottom right of T.
4 G is on the left side and above Q.
5 O is sitting in the left direction of T.
6 H is to the right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	right	1
1 K is positioned in the front right corner of L.
2 N is below W.
3 Y is positioned right to N.
4 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
5 T is below and to the right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
2 U is sitting at the lower position to G.
3 I is to the left of C horizontally.
4 G and Q are next to each other with G on the left and Q on the right.
5 C and T are parallel, and C is to the left of T.
6 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	left	1
1 U is below and to the left of G.
2 J is over there and B is on the left.
3 J is sitting at the upper right position to U.
4 D is over there and W is on the top of it.
5 Y is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 Y and X are vertical and Y is above X.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	left	1
1 H is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 R is positioned below C and to the left.
3 M is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 C presents right to P.
5 G is above A and to the right of A.
6 A is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents left to M.
2 C and N are vertical and C is below N.
3 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
4 X is to the bottom-left of C.
5 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	above	1
1 H is over there and L is on the left of it.
2 K is to the top right of W.
3 H is on the right and B is on the left.
4 If L is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
5 L and J are side by side with L to the left and J to the right.
6 H is sitting at the upper right position to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
2 A presents upper left to H.
3 T is on the top and L is at the bottom.
4 S is over there and L is directly below it.
5 R is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
6 M is over there and B is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	above	1
1 S is at Z's 12 o'clock.
2 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 T is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
4 T is sitting at the top position to M.
5 M is under E.
6 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object U.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
2 G is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
3 F is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
4 V and S are next to each other with S on the right and V on the left.
5 F is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 P presents right to F.
2 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
3 G is south west of L.
4 F is below and to the right of E.
5 G presents right to U.
6 G is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
3 K is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 Q is directly south east of G.
5 C is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 Q is positioned in the front right corner of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	right	1
1 G is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 B is over there and N is on the right of it.
3 V and F are parallel, and F is below V.
4 U is below B at 7 o'clock.
5 Q is on the right side and top of N.
6 V is on top of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 Y is to the left of R horizontally.
2 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
3 L presents left to Y.
4 I is placed at the lower right of S.
5 C is on top of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object T.
2 O is diagonally left and above O.
3 T is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
4 P is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Q is directly north east of C.
6 K and C are parallel, and K is to the right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	right	1
1 S is positioned below A and to the right.
2 M is placed in the left direction of K.
3 L is on the right side to S.
4 Z is diagonally to the upper left of C.
5 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 T is placed at the upper left of D.
3 W and O are in a vertical line with W on top.
4 Y presents upper left to U.
5 T is to the left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	left	1
1 H is positioned below and to the right of N.
2 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
3 N is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 N is over D.
5 B and W are parallel, and B on the right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 L is below and to the left of W.
2 W is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 If V is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
4 P is below I and to the left of I.
5 T is placed in the left direction of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the right side and below S.
2 S is on the left side to M.
3 M and C are both there with the object C below the object M.
4 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
5 If O is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned left to G.
2 L is sitting in the right direction of Z.
3 A is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 Y is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
5 N is at Y's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	left	1
1 O is sitting in the left direction of Z.
2 H is above and to the left of B.
3 Y is to the bottom-left of D.
4 S is to the top of X vertically.
5 D is directly above H.
6 Y is positioned left to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
2 S is below P at 7 o'clock.
3 F and A are next to each other with A at the bottom F on the top.
4 P and M are side by side with P to the left and M to the right.
5 K is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
6 The object Q is positioned directly above the object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
2 O and B are parallel, and O on the left of B.
3 A is below B and to the right of B.
4 Y is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 A and Z are both there with the object Z below the object A.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 N presents left to H.
2 A is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 O is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
4 D is directly south west of S.
5 H is diagonally to the upper left of I.
6 O is north west of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 X is south west of J.
2 J is directly south west of Y.
3 A is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
4 The objects E and Y are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object Y.
5 O is positioned below B.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the right and L is on the left.
2 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
4 L is over there and F is directly below it.
5 F is positioned in the top left corner of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the lower right of P.
2 R is to the bottom-left of Z.
3 K is positioned above E and to the left.
4 If Z is the center of a clock face, K is located between 2 and 3.
5 I is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 Z is to the right of S horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned above V and to the left.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
3 The object R and K are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
4 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
5 F is positioned below P.
6 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
2 S and F are parallel, and S on the right of F.
3 R and B are side by side with B at the bottom and R on the top.
4 B is below F at 7 o'clock.
5 The object M and G are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
6 S is to the bottom right of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	left	1
1 X is placed at the lower left of O.
2 D is sitting at the upper right position to P.
3 E is north east of P.
4 W is positioned up and to the right of A.
5 D is positioned below and to the right of M.
6 W is over M.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 P is directly north east of K.
2 G is to the left of H.
3 Z is to the upper left of K.
4 The object P and C are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
5 F is placed at the upper right of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned down and to the left of T.
2 S and L are both there with the object L below the object S.
3 L is south west of F.
4 Y and F are in a vertical line with Y on top.
5 D is over there and S is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	left	1
1 N is lower left to Q.
2 K is north east of J.
3 H presents upper right to U.
4 Q is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 If Q is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
2 T is placed in the right direction of K.
3 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 If H is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
5 J presents below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 R is below O and to the left of O.
3 O is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 O is below Z with a small gap between them.
5 T is on the left side to L.
6 If W is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Y is lower left to P.
2 Q is positioned right to Y.
3 V is placed at the lower right of L.
4 L is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 F is to the top-right of U.
6 L and Q are parallel, and Q is below L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	left	1
1 T and Z are both there with the object T above the object Z.
2 A and V are parallel, and A is to the left of V.
3 C is above and to the left of M.
4 C is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
5 B presents below N.
6 A is to the right of C horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Z is over there with H below.
2 O is over there with M below.
3 M is to the right of E horizontally.
4 O is sitting at the lower position to U.
5 X is above A at 2 o'clock.
6 M is on the left and Z is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object J and R are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 P is below C with a small gap between them.
3 Y is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 S is on the lower right of Y.
5 U is on the left side of and below Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 S is directly south east of R.
2 W is below and to the right of B.
3 S is below and to the right of W.
4 Y presents upper right to I.
5 F is over there and W is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 I is on the lower right of T.
3 V and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
4 V is below U and to the right of U.
5 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 E is upper left of Q.
2 X is placed at the lower right of W.
3 S is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 C is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
5 Q is over there and S is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
2 N and P are vertical and N is above P.
3 M is directly north west of I.
4 I is positioned above L and to the left.
5 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
6 T presents lower left to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 J is directly north west of P.
2 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to F.
3 V and Z are in a vertical line with V on top.
4 P is over there and E is on the left of it.
5 P and Q are both there with the object P is to the left of object Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	left	1
1 B and S are vertical and B is below S.
2 F is on the lower right of K.
3 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
4 Q is to the top-left of B.
5 J is on the right side and top of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned below X and to the right.
2 I is diagonally left and below X.
3 V is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
4 The objects R and U are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
5 R and E are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	above	1
1 E is on the right side to F.
2 S and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
3 C is at the bottom of Y vertically.
4 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
5 Q is placed on the top of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	left	1
1 L is at K’s 9 o'clock.
2 F is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 The object U and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object U.
4 T is above X and to the left of X.
5 U presents left to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 S is above I and to the right of I.
2 Z is sitting in the right direction of W.
3 The object J and L are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
4 C is above Z with a small gap between them.
5 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	below	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
2 B is placed at the bottom of D.
3 I is directly north west of B.
4 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
5 D is south west of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	below	1
1 V is to the left of N.
2 S is on the lower right of B.
3 If J is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
4 W is sitting at the lower right position to B.
5 O is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
6 A is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 B is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
3 J is above R at 2 o'clock.
4 B is above J at 2 o'clock.
5 F is positioned above B.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is at the lower side of N.
2 K is on the right and J is on the left.
3 S is directly north east of Z.
4 H presents lower right to Z.
5 P is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 Z is positioned below and to the right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is over there and H is on the right of it.
2 J is at M's 3 o'clock.
3 W is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 D and H are both there with the object H below the object D.
5 B is to the right of D.
6 D is above and to the right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F presents lower left to B.
2 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
3 A is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
4 M is on the left side to Z.
5 B presents upper right to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 H is placed at the lower right of F.
2 C is at the bottom and X is on the top.
3 The objects K and V are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
4 X is sitting at the top position to H.
5 L and H are next to each other with H on the right and L on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the right of X horizontally.
2 P and X are both there with the object P is to the left of object X.
3 G is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 C is placed at the upper left of E.
5 G is over there and J is on the right.
6 J is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	right	1
1 P is at the lower side of V.
2 T is to the upper left of C.
3 C is below and to the left of P.
4 H is diagonally to the upper left of C.
5 S is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 L and D are next to each other with L on the left and D on the right.
2 L is at the lower side of K.
3 K is diagonally left and below S.
4 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
5 W and J are horizontal and W is to the right of J.
6 R and S are in a vertical line with R on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 U is positioned down and to the left of F.
2 K and U are both there with the object K is to the right of object U.
3 K is diagonally right and below Q.
4 F is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 K and M are parallel, and K is over M.
6 V and J are next to each other with J at the bottom V on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	right	1
1 F is positioned below J.
2 M is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
3 C and S are both there with the object C is to the right of object S.
4 F is positioned below and to the right of L.
5 R is above F at 2 o'clock.
6 C is over there and J is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	below	1
1 Q is at T’s 9 o'clock.
2 T is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 W is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
4 Object T is above object V and to the left of it, too.
5 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
6 O is at Y's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	below	1
1 U is to the upper left of Z.
2 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
3 M is placed at the lower right of P.
4 P is to the left of U horizontally.
5 T is at R’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is on top of A.
2 J is positioned left to B.
3 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
4 S is to the top of B vertically.
5 If E is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the upper right position to J.
2 M and Q are parallel, and M is to the right of Q.
3 N and K are horizontal and N is to the right of K.
4 X is on the top side to N.
5 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
6 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 R and Y are parallel, and R is on top of Y.
2 B is on the left side and above U.
3 B and T are parallel, and B is to the left of T.
4 V is on the left side of and below T.
5 M is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
6 Object T is below object W and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 O and T are side by side with O to the left and T to the right.
2 D is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 N and L are parallel, and N is to the left of L.
4 X is placed at the lower left of L.
5 X and T are next to each other with T on the right and X on the left.
6 The objects T and I are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	left	1
1 F is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
3 B and F are side by side with B to the left and F to the right.
4 C is south east of I.
5 W is to the right of S horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	left	1
1 S is to the bottom left of B.
2 T and S are next to each other with T on the left and S on the right.
3 F and B are side by side with F to the left and B to the right.
4 O is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
5 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
6 T is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the upper left of B.
2 L is to the bottom left of B.
3 I and U are in a horizontal line with U on the right.
4 K is below L and to the right of L.
5 L is above P at 2 o'clock.
6 Z is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the upper left of H.
2 S is above and to the right of J.
3 Q is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 F is positioned down and to the left of E.
5 J is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
6 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 E is above G at 2 o'clock.
3 E is over there and O is on the right.
4 Z is sitting at the lower position to G.
5 B is above and to the left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	right	1
1 N and Q are parallel, and N on the left of Q.
2 O is diagonally to the bottom right of G.
3 O is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
4 U is positioned above and to the left of G.
5 If L is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and I is on the right of it.
2 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
3 O is lower right of K.
4 I is above O.
5 K is positioned above W and to the right.
6 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O is sitting at the upper right position to G.
2 U is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
3 A is placed at the lower right of U.
4 U is north west of T.
5 R and W are in a vertical line with R on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of G.
2 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
3 R is to the top-right of S.
4 V and Z are next to each other with V on the top and Z at the bottom.
5 G and R are horizontal and G is to the left of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 I and S are both there with the object I is to the right of object S.
2 H is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
3 H presents right to W.
4 D is directly south west of Y.
5 S is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 H is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	below	1
1 O is above G.
2 E is sitting in the right direction of H.
3 O is above K with a small gap between them.
4 O and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
5 O is above F and to the right of F.
6 U is sitting at the top position to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	below	1
1 S is diagonally left and above S.
2 S and X are next to each other with X at the bottom S on the top.
3 Z is above P with a small gap between them.
4 S is on top of N.
5 N is to the bottom-right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 X is directly below Y.
2 J is positioned below X and to the left.
3 Y is on the left side to W.
4 If Q is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
5 L and H are both there with the object L is to the left of object H.
6 T is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there and I is on the right.
2 Y presents left to F.
3 The objects H and A are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
4 C is sitting in the right direction of A.
5 A is north east of I.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
2 M is on the left side to G.
3 H is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 H is on the left side to R.
5 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 G presents right to T.
3 E is south east of V.
4 X is above T at 2 o'clock.
5 V is over X.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 I is south west of B.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
3 Q is below and to the right of G.
4 J and M are parallel, and J on the right of M.
5 T is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 C is lower left to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	above	1
1 G is over there and E is on the right.
2 G is positioned above B and to the right.
3 E and H are parallel, and E on the right of H.
4 X is placed on the top of E.
5 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 G is over there and A is on the right of it.
2 I is diagonally to the upper left of N.
3 X is below C.
4 I is at the bottom of X.
5 I is diagonally left and below A.
6 M is above H and to the left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 A is on the top and S is at the bottom.
3 O presents lower left to Y.
4 G is on the right side and top of Y.
5 F is south west of E.
6 N is below S at 4 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 W is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
3 L presents over P.
4 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
5 B is lower left to T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	left	1
1 D is to the top-right of S.
2 T is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
3 V presents right to S.
4 E is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
5 S is over there and T is directly above it.
6 V is below Q and to the right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	left	1
1 K is diagonally left and below P.
2 Object G is below object S and to the right of it, too.
3 Q is sitting in the left direction of P.
4 E is over there with P below.
5 X is upper left of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	left	1
1 M is positioned below N and to the right.
2 M is below V.
3 P is to the right of V.
4 S is positioned in the lower left corner of J.
5 M is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
2 Z is above and to the left of G.
3 R is to the top right of G.
4 V is directly north east of J.
5 A is above and to the right of G.
6 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	left	1
1 E and U are side by side with E to the right and U to the left.
2 N is below Y at 4 o'clock.
3 D and Z are in a vertical line with D on top.
4 K is below M.
5 The object M is positioned directly above the object N.
6 M is positioned down and to the left of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Y is to the left of C horizontally.
2 U presents lower right to C.
3 X presents left to Y.
4 C is lower right of T.
5 K is to the top right of G.
6 If C is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the upper left of H.
2 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
3 E is over there and S is on the right of it.
4 V is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
5 G is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 F is directly north west of Q.
3 Y is sitting at the upper right position to F.
4 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
5 F and P are parallel, and F is under P.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	above	1
1 Y is lower left to C.
2 Y is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
3 R presents upper right to N.
4 I is placed in the left direction of Y.
5 R is positioned below I and to the right.
6 K is on the top and H is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
2 N is to the top right of K.
3 O is upper left of M.
4 K is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
5 B is at the bottom of R vertically.
6 V is to the bottom-right of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	above	1
1 J and I are next to each other with I on the right and J on the left.
2 H is to the left of D.
3 Z is positioned below E and to the left.
4 I is on the top and K is at the bottom.
5 Z and K are parallel, and Z on the right of K.
6 I is on the left and X is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting in the left direction of T.
2 Y is to the upper left of E.
3 M is on the left side and above Y.
4 L is on the right side and below Y.
5 Y is on the right side and top of I.
6 If V is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 V is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 C is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 If F is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
4 S is on the left and E is on the right.
5 W is on the lower right of E.
6 D presents upper left to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 F is upper left of T.
2 B and T are parallel, and T is below B.
3 T is to the upper left of L.
4 F is at C's 12 o'clock.
5 B is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 I is positioned left to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Q and I are parallel, and Q on the left of I.
2 E is below N with a small gap between them.
3 L is placed at the lower left of M.
4 L is over there with G below.
5 E is diagonally right and above B.
6 L is lower left to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 O and F are side by side with O to the left and F to the right.
2 V is placed in the left direction of I.
3 F is to the right of L.
4 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
5 The objects O and J are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	right	1
1 B is on the right side to L.
2 X and P are vertical and X is above P.
3 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
4 S is positioned below E and to the left.
5 S is to the bottom right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 C and R are parallel, and R is below C.
2 W is to the top of V vertically.
3 N is over there with W below.
4 W is upper right to R.
5 A and I are both there with the object I below the object A.
6 C is on the left side of and below U.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R is directly below Z.
2 L is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 W is positioned left to P.
4 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
5 L is sitting at the top position to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 Z is lower left to Y.
2 U presents upper left to T.
3 Z presents right to R.
4 R is on the top side to T.
5 A and E are both there with the object A above the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	right	1
1 P is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 I is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 Q is over there and D is on the right.
4 Q is below and to the left of B.
5 A and Q are vertical and A is below Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	above	1
1 B and U are both there with the object B is to the right of object U.
2 U is above W and to the left of W.
3 J is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
4 C and D are parallel, and C is to the left of D.
5 L is below W at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	left	1
1 B is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 E is to the left of R horizontally.
3 X and Z are side by side with X to the left and Z to the right.
4 E is positioned below P and to the left.
5 X is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	right	1
1 Q is to the upper left of W.
2 R is to the left of H horizontally.
3 Q is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
4 V is positioned above U and to the left.
5 Y is placed at the lower right of T.
6 H is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	right	1
1 B is upper left of S.
2 R is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
4 T is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
5 S is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
6 O is at T's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of V.
2 R is on the lower right of T.
3 T is placed at the lower left of A.
4 B is south west of S.
5 A is sitting at the top position to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
2 C is directly south west of U.
3 U is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 Q and L are side by side with Q on the top and L at the bottom.
5 K is positioned above C.
6 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	above	1
1 I is above and to the left of Z.
2 U is positioned down and to the left of M.
3 H is directly south east of V.
4 O is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
5 U is positioned left to Q.
6 I is positioned above and to the left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 C is at the bottom of A.
3 Y is below and to the left of F.
4 S is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 Object S is above object A and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there and O is directly below it.
2 B is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 Z is positioned below and to the right of W.
4 B is directly below D.
5 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
6 O is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	above	1
1 P is positioned right to T.
2 O is sitting in the right direction of Q.
3 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
4 B is to the top right of O.
5 D is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
6 O is directly north east of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 T is on the upper right of N.
3 Z is directly north east of I.
4 Z presents right to T.
5 X is below Q at 7 o'clock.
6 Z is above V at 10 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 E and O are parallel, and E is to the right of O.
3 V presents over X.
4 The object P and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object P.
5 O is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned below P.
2 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 N is over there and H is on the left of it.
4 P is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
5 Y is over there with Z below.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	left	1
1 A is over there with E below.
2 S is positioned above G and to the right.
3 If A is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
4 D and A are parallel, and A is below D.
5 M is to the upper left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	below	1
1 R is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 Y is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
3 Q is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
4 K is below and to the left of C.
5 Y and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom Y on the top.
6 L is placed at the upper left of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
2 F is at C's 6 o'clock.
3 F is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
4 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
5 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
6 M is on the upper right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 T and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
2 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
3 F is on the right side and below U.
4 I is south east of X.
5 E is above Q at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 N is sitting at the lower position to X.
2 E is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 O is positioned in the lower left corner of C.
4 R is on the lower right of S.
5 S is over there and O is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object D and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 I is diagonally right and above E.
3 D presents below M.
4 O is below V and to the right of V.
5 F is over there and O is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	below	1
1 Z and L are parallel, and L is below Z.
2 N is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
3 J is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
4 N and Z are both there with the object N is to the left of object Z.
5 W is below E and to the right of E.
6 The object J and Z are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 N is above B and to the left of B.
2 F is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
3 O is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 U is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 X is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 V and X are side by side with X at the bottom and V on the top.
3 J and N are next to each other with J on the left and N on the right.
4 E and T are parallel, and E is to the right of T.
5 E is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
6 B is positioned below F.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	left	1
1 D is above and to the left of T.
2 G is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 B is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
4 N is south west of G.
5 E is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 G is on top of W.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 F is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 B presents lower right to J.
3 E is above O at 10 o'clock.
4 F is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 J is below P and to the left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	above	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
2 V is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
3 D is on the left and C is on the right.
4 Z is over U.
5 N is lower left to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 R is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 K is placed at the upper right of S.
3 I is to the upper left of W.
4 J and W are in a vertical line with J on top.
5 J is to the top-right of S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	below	1
1 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
2 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
3 Q is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 I is below R at 4 o'clock.
5 R is placed at the bottom of V.
6 V is above S.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	above	1
1 Q is above I.
2 N and I are side by side with N to the left and I to the right.
3 The object Q and S are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
4 Y is over there and I is on the right of it.
5 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 R is directly south west of E.
2 Q is directly north east of W.
3 S and W are parallel, and S is over W.
4 S is positioned below and to the right of D.
5 D is upper right to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 T is at the bottom and P is on the top.
2 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
4 Y and P are in a vertical line with P below Y.
5 E is over there and U is directly above it.
6 M presents lower right to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 S is at G's 6 o'clock.
2 B is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
3 L and F are parallel, and L on the right of F.
4 H is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
5 B is below L and to the right of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 F is sitting at the lower left position to U.
2 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
3 E is on the top side to V.
4 E is sitting at the upper left position to I.
5 I is above C at 10 o'clock.
6 P is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 M is upper left of A.
2 J is placed in the right direction of M.
3 X is upper left of U.
4 A is directly below W.
5 B is positioned above W.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P is above H with a small gap between them.
2 L is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
3 U is south west of L.
4 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
5 O is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 L is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the upper left of X.
2 X is sitting at the upper right position to P.
3 B is placed at the upper right of K.
4 O is placed in the right direction of K.
5 W is north east of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	below	1
1 P is to the bottom right of U.
2 M is on the lower left of A.
3 If J is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
4 B is above Z and to the left of Z.
5 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
6 A presents left to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 A is above S and to the left of S.
2 A is above K and to the right of K.
3 A is positioned above and to the left of B.
4 D is to the top right of W.
5 A is sitting at the lower left position to V.
6 S is diagonally to the upper left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the left of E horizontally.
2 V is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 Q is placed in the right direction of O.
4 If V is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
5 W is sitting in the right direction of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 M is directly above T.
2 F and Q are parallel, and F is over Q.
3 Q presents lower left to V.
4 Q is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 D is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
6 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	right	1
1 Y and A are side by side with A at the bottom and Y on the top.
2 F and Z are parallel, and F is to the right of Z.
3 Z is at U’s 9 o'clock.
4 F is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 N is diagonally right and above T.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	left	1
1 Object R is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 Y is over there and N is directly above it.
3 E is north west of G.
4 I is positioned above and to the left of D.
5 E is placed at the lower left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the upper left of N.
2 Object M is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
3 N is to the upper left of W.
4 R is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
5 Q is at the lower side of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the bottom-right of Y.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, C is located between 10 and 11.
3 Y is to the top right of E.
4 T and M are vertical and T is below M.
5 G and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
6 B is to the top-right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	right	1
1 L and K are parallel, and K is below L.
2 S is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 V and S are horizontal and V is to the left of S.
4 V and Y are in a vertical line with V on top.
5 E is at the bottom of V vertically.
6 Q and S are both there with the object Q is to the left of object S.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	left	1
1 I presents upper left to C.
2 T and P are parallel, and T on the left of P.
3 I is on the left side and above J.
4 I and G are next to each other with I on the left and G on the right.
5 G is to the left of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
2 C is at U's 3 o'clock.
3 M and D are horizontal and M is to the right of D.
4 B presents upper right to P.
5 C is below D and to the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the right of H.
2 I is at C's 6 o'clock.
3 H and L are both there with the object H above the object L.
4 U is diagonally left and above U.
5 F is positioned right to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	above	1
1 M is positioned in the top left corner of G.
2 The object Z is positioned directly below the object R.
3 Y is below and to the left of L.
4 R is positioned in the front right corner of S.
5 Y is over there and K is on the left of it.
6 Y is above R at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	above	1
1 Q and T are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 S is to the top-left of L.
3 K is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
4 K is above O at 2 o'clock.
5 C is below T at 4 o'clock.
6 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 The objects X and A are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
4 H is to the bottom right of A.
5 Z is to the bottom-left of B.
6 C presents right to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	below	1
1 H is positioned right to D.
2 K is on the top side to U.
3 H and R are vertical and H is below R.
4 If Q is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
5 U is sitting in the left direction of D.
6 K is positioned in the top left corner of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object F is positioned directly above the object O.
2 L is at the bottom and M is on the top.
3 J is placed at the lower left of S.
4 M and I are side by side with M to the right and I to the left.
5 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
6 Object J is below object C and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	above	1
1 Y is above and to the right of G.
2 C presents upper left to H.
3 Object T is below object H and to the right of it, too.
4 T is over there and E is on the left of it.
5 H is diagonally right and above B.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I is directly north east of M.
2 The objects V and Q are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
3 M is north east of D.
4 I is positioned above and to the left of Q.
5 B and F are in a vertical line with B on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the right side to T.
2 T is on the left side to K.
3 P is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
4 K is over there and O is on the left of it.
5 Z is positioned in the top left corner of O.
6 U is on the lower left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 N is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 K and S are parallel, and K is over S.
3 D is positioned in the top left corner of J.
4 S is placed at the upper left of D.
5 W is to the top of B vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 J is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 O is positioned down and to the left of J.
3 Z is over there and F is on the left of it.
4 V is on the left side to F.
5 V is on the lower right of H.
6 P is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 V is over there and N is on the right.
2 H and C are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
3 W is below and to the right of N.
4 P is placed at the lower left of H.
5 V is to the top of H vertically.
6 The objects S and Y are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the left of X horizontally.
2 G and X are parallel, and X is below G.
3 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
4 Z is to the bottom left of K.
5 N and V are parallel, and V is below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	above	1
1 Y is positioned below and to the right of Z.
2 W and P are parallel, and W on the right of P.
3 B is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
4 Y is north east of W.
5 J is diagonally right and above Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	right	1
1 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
2 E is on the left side and above D.
3 Y is on the left side to L.
4 D is directly north west of T.
5 E presents lower left to R.
6 U is at E's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 S presents right to V.
2 V is above A.
3 V is above B at 10 o'clock.
4 The object B is positioned directly below the object N.
5 B is placed in the left direction of K.
6 I and G are next to each other with I on the top and G at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	below	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 P is above S at 2 o'clock.
3 J and V are next to each other with V at the bottom J on the top.
4 J is on the top side to Z.
5 S is at J's 12 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 A and Z are side by side with A on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 P and Y are parallel, and P on the left of Y.
3 G is sitting at the lower position to P.
4 U is sitting in the right direction of O.
5 If O is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
6 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the left side of and below I.
2 The object F and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 Z is directly above M.
4 E is on the top side to Z.
5 The object E and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents lower left to H.
2 K and H are parallel, and K is under H.
3 The objects O and G are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
4 B is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
5 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 S and A are in a vertical line with S on top.
2 Q is below N.
3 A is positioned below K.
4 W is to the left of S.
5 K is lower right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	right	1
1 J is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 Z is on the right side and top of E.
3 U is placed at the upper right of K.
4 F is upper right to Z.
5 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to L.
6 J and E are next to each other with J on the left and E on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	left	1
1 F is lower left to Q.
2 D is directly south east of V.
3 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
4 E is diagonally right and above O.
5 V is sitting in the right direction of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	right	1
1 Z is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 E is on the left and U is on the right.
3 H is on the left side of and below E.
4 Y is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper right of J.
2 W is above and to the right of L.
3 W and O are side by side with W on the top and O at the bottom.
4 B is lower right of L.
5 L and I are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	below	1
1 M is south east of L.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
3 O is to the left of W.
4 If M is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
5 I is to the top-left of O.
6 P is to the right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	below	1
1 W is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The object L and Q are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
3 P is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
4 O is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
5 C is to the upper left of E.
6 R is positioned in the top left corner of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	right	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
3 B and K are vertical and B is above K.
4 The object R is positioned directly above the object V.
5 Y is positioned above U.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 M and L are parallel, and M is under L.
2 O is sitting in the right direction of R.
3 U is upper left of Q.
4 J and O are parallel, and J is on top of O.
5 U presents lower right to O.
6 Q is placed at the lower right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 J is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
3 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
4 U presents upper right to V.
5 Z is to the left of H horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to I.
2 G is over there and J is on the left of it.
3 V and O are both there with the object V above the object O.
4 G is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 The object S is positioned directly below the object O.
6 H is north west of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
2 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
3 Q is sitting at the upper right position to M.
4 Q is to the bottom-right of L.
5 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
6 L is lower left to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
2 N is above Z and to the left of Z.
3 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
4 N is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 Z is positioned up and to the right of H.
6 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	left	1
1 C is upper left of T.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
3 T is over there and X is directly below it.
4 I presents left to B.
5 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
6 I is over there and C is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
2 F is sitting at the upper left position to K.
3 X is above F and to the right of F.
4 K is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 B is lower right of S.
6 R is placed in the right direction of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 W is at the bottom of Q vertically.
2 H is upper right to G.
3 Z is above and to the left of N.
4 W is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 G is to the left of T horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the right side and top of N.
2 L and N are both there with the object L is to the right of object N.
3 L is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 C is on the top side to K.
5 J is placed in the right direction of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
2 D is over there with C above.
3 A is placed at the lower right of D.
4 J is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
5 F is on the right side and below R.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 J presents over H.
2 J is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
3 I is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
4 E and G are both there with the object G below the object E.
5 T is positioned above M and to the left.
6 E is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	right	1
1 B is above I and to the right of I.
2 U is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 A is positioned below I.
4 The objects T and L are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
5 If V is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
6 V is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the right side to Y.
2 Object V is below object U and to the left of it, too.
3 The object X is positioned directly below the object Y.
4 B presents upper right to Y.
5 J is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
2 O is north west of B.
3 V is on the top and N is at the bottom.
4 A is over there with U below.
5 The objects R and U are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	above	1
1 B is over E.
2 Q and Y are parallel, and Q on the left of Y.
3 I is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face I.
4 Z is below I with a small gap between them.
5 N is to the top-right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	below	1
1 I is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
2 E is diagonally to the upper right of K.
3 G and M are next to each other with M on the right and G on the left.
4 V is positioned right to K.
5 A is over G.
6 V and G are both there with the object V above the object G.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 I is to the top-right of M.
2 The objects W and I are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 K is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 M is directly south west of L.
5 S is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 L is positioned below N and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 C is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 F is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
3 U is above P and to the left of P.
4 P and F are both there with the object P above the object F.
5 D is over there and F is on the right.
6 P is over there and R is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
2 F is placed in the right direction of R.
3 A is to the right of H.
4 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object A.
5 H is diagonally right and below O.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
2 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
3 P is to the top-right of U.
4 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
5 H is diagonally left and above H.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 U and F are in a horizontal line with F on the right.
2 D is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
3 O is diagonally to the upper right of W.
4 Z and U are vertical and Z is below U.
5 H presents below D.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	below	1
1 Y presents lower right to T.
2 F is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 J is to the bottom-right of G.
4 If F is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
5 R and F are side by side with R to the left and F to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	left	1
1 K is on the lower left of Q.
2 E is to the right of P.
3 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
4 K is under P.
5 C is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
2 N and H are next to each other with N on the top and H at the bottom.
3 H is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 The objects F and A are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
5 J presents lower right to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Z is below E and to the right of E.
2 K and B are horizontal and K is to the left of B.
3 Y is sitting at the upper left position to K.
4 Z and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and Z on the left.
5 Q is on the upper right of C.
6 The object O and Y are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	right	1
1 F is at the lower side of P.
2 H is positioned above L and to the left.
3 L and Z are next to each other with L on the left and Z on the right.
4 R is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
5 X is at G's 3 o'clock.
6 H is below F at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned below F.
2 S is upper right to U.
3 W is on the right side and top of I.
4 S is at the bottom and I is on the top.
5 I is to the right of P horizontally.
6 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 T is at H's 3 o'clock.
2 Z presents over D.
3 Z is sitting at the upper right position to K.
4 T is to the left of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 C is placed in the right direction of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 K presents lower right to R.
3 A is on the left side to N.
4 A and R are next to each other with A on the top and R at the bottom.
5 A is to the top-left of H.
6 C and A are both there with the object C is to the left of object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	below	1
1 B presents over M.
2 K is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 B is positioned left to L.
4 F is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 V is on the lower left of Z.
6 Z presents lower right to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 R is sitting in the right direction of D.
2 C is below R with a small gap between them.
3 I is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
4 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
5 N is below L.
6 L and Y are next to each other with L on the top and Y at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	below	1
1 U is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 A is above D and to the left of D.
3 R is at the lower side of H.
4 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
5 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	left	1
1 S is to the bottom-right of C.
2 M is to the right of G.
3 F is south west of U.
4 F and N are both there with the object F is to the right of object N.
5 N and M are parallel, and N is to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	left	1
1 C and A are next to each other with C on the top and A at the bottom.
2 O is directly south west of C.
3 Z and C are next to each other with Z on the left and C on the right.
4 F presents left to X.
5 Z is sitting at the lower right position to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
3 F is north east of Y.
4 Z and Y are next to each other with Z on the left and Y on the right.
5 P is south west of N.
6 X is sitting in the left direction of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the left of T.
2 K is directly below R.
3 Z and W are side by side with Z on the top and W at the bottom.
4 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
5 A is positioned down and to the left of D.
6 N is on the left side of and below K.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 H is below Q at 7 o'clock.
3 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to L.
4 U and D are side by side with U to the left and D to the right.
5 Y is positioned below and to the right of Q.
6 X is to the top of I vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 K is on the left side of and below M.
3 X is over there and L is directly above it.
4 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
5 X is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Object W is below object G and to the left of it, too.
2 U is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 F is at the bottom and J is on the top.
4 If U is the center of a clock face, D is located between 2 and 3.
5 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 X is lower left to J.
2 P is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
3 W is sitting at the lower position to H.
4 G is on the lower left of H.
5 W is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face W.
6 J is to the right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	above	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
2 If N is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
3 Q is below P at 4 o'clock.
4 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
5 Q is on the right and M is on the left.
6 G is positioned right to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	left	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
2 M is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 I is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
4 S is on the right side and below P.
5 P is sitting at the top position to A.
6 F is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 A is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 A is directly south east of G.
3 J is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 A is placed at the lower left of W.
5 R is over there and B is directly below it.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U presents upper right to F.
2 G is over there and U is on the left of it.
3 P is at J's 12 o'clock.
4 X is positioned down and to the left of D.
5 A is upper left of X.
6 X is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
2 A is directly north east of R.
3 O is to the right of U.
4 K and O are parallel, and O is below K.
5 I is positioned above X and to the right.
6 B is over there and U is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	above	1
1 T presents lower right to V.
2 O is at B’s 9 o'clock.
3 Q is positioned below J and to the right.
4 J is at the bottom of B.
5 Object Z is below object J and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 N presents upper right to D.
2 I is sitting at the lower left position to P.
3 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
4 C is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
5 K is on top of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the top of M vertically.
2 L is positioned down and to the left of F.
3 A is over there and H is directly above it.
4 F is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 L is to the top of U vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	above	1
1 W and C are side by side with W to the right and C to the left.
2 S is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
3 L and M are side by side with L to the left and M to the right.
4 S and V are next to each other with S on the top and V at the bottom.
5 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of X.
6 V is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 R is placed at the bottom of H.
2 V and H are next to each other with V on the top and H at the bottom.
3 Object I is below object J and to the left of it, too.
4 A is sitting in the left direction of C.
5 V presents below A.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 X is on the top and S is at the bottom.
2 L and F are parallel, and L is to the left of F.
3 Q is below X and to the right of X.
4 P is to the top right of X.
5 P is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is on the left and C is on the right.
2 D is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 Q is placed on the top of P.
4 D is at M's 3 o'clock.
5 P is on the left side to M.
6 B is to the top of Q vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned in the front right corner of O.
2 H is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
3 V is lower left to C.
4 V is to the bottom-left of R.
5 R and F are parallel, and R is on top of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the left side of and below N.
2 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
3 J and T are both there with the object J is to the right of object T.
4 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
5 Object D is below object G and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
2 G is over there and E is directly above it.
3 L is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
4 R is on the left side of and below M.
5 O is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
6 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the left side of and below N.
2 R is on the lower left of S.
3 R is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 R is directly south east of D.
5 D and Q are side by side with D to the right and Q to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Z is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 O presents right to T.
3 E and T are parallel, and E is under T.
4 Y is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 V and T are both there with the object V is to the right of object T.
6 H is on the upper right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	left	1
1 W is placed at the upper left of N.
2 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
3 If T is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
4 H is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 J is at V's 12 o'clock.
6 H is directly north west of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	above	1
1 K is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower righthand corner.
3 L is to the bottom-left of X.
4 E presents over B.
5 B is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 K is over B.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	left	1
1 M is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
2 P is positioned below and to the right of T.
3 D is diagonally right and above U.
4 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
5 X is sitting at the lower position to D.
6 T is to the right of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 J presents lower right to W.
3 Y is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 V is below X with a small gap between them.
5 If O is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
6 O and Q are both there with the object O is to the left of object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	right	1
1 Z and C are vertical and Z is above C.
2 B is directly north east of Q.
3 D is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 J presents over R.
5 B is below M.
6 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 N is upper left of J.
2 P is at the bottom of Q.
3 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
4 H presents over Q.
5 L is above Y and to the left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned above E.
2 E is positioned in the front right corner of F.
3 V is on the right side to E.
4 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
5 U is above and to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the right side and top of Y.
2 K is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 R is to the top-right of U.
4 M is over B.
5 X is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the right side and below B.
2 O is diagonally left and below G.
3 K is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 O is positioned in the lower right corner of C.
5 Z is directly south east of K.
6 O is to the upper left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object R and A are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 O is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 I is above J at 10 o'clock.
4 O is positioned in the front right corner of T.
5 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
2 V is to the right of Y.
3 H is over there and Y is on the right.
4 The objects Y and X are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
5 M is placed at the bottom of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Object E is below object S and to the right of it, too.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 A is below and to the right of S.
4 E is over there and R is directly above it.
5 V is directly south east of L.
6 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	above	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 Y is positioned below G.
3 V presents lower right to O.
4 X is over there and O is on the right of it.
5 B is above and to the right of X.
6 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 W is north west of Q.
2 P is over there and V is on the right.
3 P is to the top right of L.
4 F is above O at 10 o'clock.
5 F and V are in a vertical line with F on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 A and X are vertical and A is below X.
2 O is below A and to the right of A.
3 S is positioned up and to the right of Q.
4 X is at J's 3 o'clock.
5 U is at O’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q is at K's 3 o'clock.
2 A is below and to the left of X.
3 Z is sitting at the lower right position to N.
4 N is to the right of I horizontally.
5 N and A are in a vertical line with N on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 A and X are next to each other with A on the top and X at the bottom.
2 C and B are parallel, and C is to the left of B.
3 I and X are parallel, and I on the right of X.
4 T is at H's 6 o'clock.
5 H is over there and I is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 F is over there and H is directly below it.
2 P is positioned below L and to the right.
3 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
4 L is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
5 U and X are next to each other with X at the bottom U on the top.
6 F is upper left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object J.
2 U presents left to J.
3 J is at the bottom of R vertically.
4 U is over there and D is on the top of it.
5 F is positioned right to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 I and U are next to each other with I on the left and U on the right.
2 P is sitting in the left direction of E.
3 T is on the right side and below P.
4 The objects P and V are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
5 E is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
6 Object H is below object T and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the upper left of O.
2 V and Y are side by side with V on the top and Y at the bottom.
3 H and N are both there with the object N below the object H.
4 N is at A’s 9 o'clock.
5 H and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 X and O are in a vertical line with O below X.
2 The objects T and Q are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
3 Q is to the top-left of Y.
4 B is below and to the left of E.
5 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
6 C is to the left of Q horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 Y is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
3 F is sitting at the top position to U.
4 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
5 S presents upper right to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	above	1
1 C and N are horizontal and C is to the right of N.
2 E and T are vertical and E is below T.
3 I is to the upper left of X.
4 O is on the left side of and below T.
5 W is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
6 X is diagonally left and below E.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
2 B is at the bottom of L vertically.
3 S and D are side by side with S to the right and D to the left.
4 X is on the right side to D.
5 O is at N's 3 o'clock.
6 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 I is above Z with a small gap between them.
2 P presents left to Y.
3 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
4 I is sitting at the lower position to Q.
5 Y is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
2 A is positioned below U.
3 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
4 J is positioned up and to the right of V.
5 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
6 G is positioned up and to the right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 M is above K at 2 o'clock.
2 M and L are vertical and M is above L.
3 C is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
4 R is below P with a small gap between them.
5 R is placed at the lower left of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	right	1
1 V is at P's 3 o'clock.
2 Q is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 C is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 A is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 The objects V and R are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
6 M is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	above	1
1 K presents right to H.
2 L is below and to the right of Q.
3 H is on the right and U is on the left.
4 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
5 J is at A's 6 o'clock.
6 A and H are in a vertical line with H below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Z is upper left of O.
2 W and E are vertical and W is below E.
3 The objects Q and Z are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
4 Z is directly north east of A.
5 Q and X are parallel, and Q is under X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Q is over there and O is directly above it.
2 K is directly south west of O.
3 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
4 G and T are in a vertical line with T below G.
5 Q is on the right side and top of N.
6 Z is directly south west of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	right	1
1 H and P are parallel, and H is to the left of P.
2 H is positioned above and to the left of N.
3 N and K are both there with the object N is to the left of object K.
4 C and A are side by side with A at the bottom and C on the top.
5 H presents right to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 I is over there and F is directly below it.
2 I is placed in the right direction of R.
3 C is positioned in the top left corner of F.
4 The object I and N are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
5 B is over there and W is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	left	1
1 M is to the upper left of U.
2 R is placed at the bottom of G.
3 G is positioned up and to the right of U.
4 P and F are horizontal and P is to the right of F.
5 W presents right to J.
6 F is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	right	1
1 V is on the upper right of Y.
2 S is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 C is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
4 Object C is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
5 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Z is above W.
2 D is to the left of F.
3 J is positioned above V and to the left.
4 W is sitting in the right direction of A.
5 W is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
6 I presents right to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 I is placed at the upper right of H.
2 V is to the right of E.
3 X and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
4 G is south east of N.
5 X is to the left of B horizontally.
6 H is on the right side to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	right	1
1 D is over there and O is on the left of it.
2 Z is positioned above O and to the right.
3 K is to the top-left of B.
4 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
5 O is sitting in the left direction of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the top of X vertically.
2 R is under H.
3 H is over there and X is on the left.
4 The objects C and X are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
5 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	above	1
1 U and Q are next to each other with U on the left and Q on the right.
2 R is south west of D.
3 D is on the lower right of Q.
4 A is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
5 C is above Q and to the right of Q.
6 R is over there with I below.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	above	1
1 O is above L with a small gap between them.
2 O is on the lower left of G.
3 H is upper left of E.
4 U is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
5 K is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
6 T and K are next to each other with K on the right and T on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 X and I are parallel, and I is below X.
2 E is positioned in the lower left corner of I.
3 B and N are in a vertical line with B on top.
4 C is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
5 R is over there and C is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally right and above T.
2 F is to the left of E horizontally.
3 R is positioned in the front right corner of T.
4 T is below U with a small gap between them.
5 X is to the top-left of S.
6 The object E is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 S is lower right of O.
2 O and J are side by side with O to the left and J to the right.
3 Object S is below object G and to the left of it, too.
4 If B is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
5 F is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	below	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of Z.
2 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object N.
3 Z is directly above O.
4 F is lower right of L.
5 K is placed in the right direction of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	below	1
1 L is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
2 Q is above K and to the left of K.
3 P is positioned right to Y.
4 X is directly north west of P.
5 A is at the lower side of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 T and O are next to each other with O at the bottom T on the top.
2 G is to the top-right of B.
3 O is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
4 V and B are in a vertical line with B below V.
5 B is on the lower right of D.
6 F is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
2 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
3 M is placed at the bottom of P.
4 O is positioned in the front right corner of W.
5 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
6 If M is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 S is diagonally to the upper right of N.
3 O is south west of M.
4 L is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
5 S is at H's 6 o'clock.
6 N and E are in a vertical line with E below N.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	below	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
2 P is sitting in the left direction of V.
3 H is directly below W.
4 Y is on the left side of and below T.
5 Y is above P.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 T is positioned up and to the right of A.
3 Q is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 The object C and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
5 A is to the top of K vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Q is directly south east of G.
2 I is at O's 3 o'clock.
3 R is diagonally to the upper left of O.
4 I is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 B and A are side by side with A at the bottom and B on the top.
6 I is on the right side to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	below	1
1 D and I are parallel, and I is below D.
2 H is placed on the top of Q.
3 I is placed in the right direction of W.
4 S is diagonally to the upper left of V.
5 W is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
6 W is sitting in the right direction of U.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 M is upper right to V.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
3 V is diagonally left and above V.
4 E and C are side by side with E to the right and C to the left.
5 U is placed at the bottom of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 N is directly north west of T.
2 V is on the upper right of R.
3 N and S are parallel, and N is to the left of S.
4 S is sitting at the top position to X.
5 W is on the left side and above S.
6 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	below	1
1 X and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
2 J is sitting in the right direction of U.
3 G and E are both there with the object G is to the right of object E.
4 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
5 M is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 X is on the right and R is on the left.
2 C and X are both there with the object C is to the left of object X.
3 X is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Y is below and to the right of C.
5 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 G and T are parallel, and G on the right of T.
2 X is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
3 T is positioned below and to the right of H.
4 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
5 Y and M are both there with the object Y is to the right of object M.
6 Q and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and Q on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 S is above Y and to the left of Y.
3 S and V are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
4 B is on the right side and below U.
5 Y is on top of J.
6 D and V are parallel, and D is to the left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	left	1
1 Q and D are side by side with D at the bottom and Q on the top.
2 X is on top of I.
3 A is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 D is on the top and J is at the bottom.
5 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 P and Y are horizontal and P is to the left of Y.
3 P is placed in the left direction of J.
4 Z is sitting at the upper right position to T.
5 R is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 N and I are side by side with N to the left and I to the right.
3 L and U are parallel, and L is to the right of U.
4 J is placed in the right direction of I.
5 Q and I are both there with the object Q is to the right of object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
2 D is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 D is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 A presents left to Q.
5 The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
6 L is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	below	1
1 Object C is below object U and to the right of it, too.
2 H is to the top of C vertically.
3 H is to the bottom left of L.
4 S is lower right of Y.
5 G is at the lower side of H.
6 I is above C at 2 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the left side and above Z.
2 H is to the bottom-right of L.
3 H is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
4 L is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 K is at the lower side of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of M.
2 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
3 U and Y are horizontal and U is to the right of Y.
4 J is on top of M.
5 I is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
6 D is positioned above V and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
2 J is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 V is placed on the top of F.
4 A is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face A.
5 J and Z are side by side with J to the left and Z to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 W is north east of Z.
2 A and T are parallel, and A is over T.
3 W is over there and T is on the right.
4 U and Z are parallel, and U is to the left of Z.
5 If K is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the bottom right of C.
2 Z is over there and H is on the left.
3 A is positioned above W and to the right.
4 A is placed at the upper left of U.
5 M is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 W is at S's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 D and H are parallel, and D is to the left of H.
2 C is directly below H.
3 P is positioned above O.
4 L is sitting at the upper left position to D.
5 I and L are side by side with I on the top and L at the bottom.
6 C is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 B is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 N is on the left and J is on the right.
3 B is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 P is north east of D.
5 L is directly below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	left	1
1 R is above L and to the right of L.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 V is over R.
4 E is above R with a small gap between them.
5 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 W and B are both there with the object W is to the left of object B.
2 T is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 D and H are side by side with D to the right and H to the left.
4 The objects T and A are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
5 V is on the right side and below D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 X is north east of U.
3 X is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 G is sitting at the top position to U.
5 L is on the left side of and below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	below	1
1 The objects M and I are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled C.
3 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
4 W is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
5 R is on the lower right of I.
6 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	left	1
1 T is placed at the lower right of O.
2 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 A is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 U is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
5 Y presents below R.
6 C and R are next to each other with C on the left and R on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	right	1
1 I is over there and Z is on the left of it.
2 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
3 A is placed at the lower right of I.
4 V and Z are in a vertical line with V on top.
5 R is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 K is upper left of Z.
3 C is lower right of G.
4 U is to the upper left of O.
5 O is on the left side and above G.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of T.
2 S is at H's 12 o'clock.
3 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
4 Y presents right to Z.
5 H is placed at the bottom of I.
6 K is positioned in the top left corner of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 X and Z are parallel, and X is on top of Z.
3 X is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 P is to the right of T.
5 W and B are both there with the object W above the object B.
6 R is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 V is over there and Q is on the left.
3 U is above V with a small gap between them.
4 G is to the right of A horizontally.
5 V is at R’s 9 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 C is above and to the left of E.
2 V is placed at the upper left of C.
3 G is over there and M is on the right.
4 L is south east of Z.
5 G and V are parallel, and G is over V.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
2 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
3 W is over there and G is on the right.
4 B and M are next to each other with M on the right and B on the left.
5 H is to the left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	right	1
1 G is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
3 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
4 Object X is above object I and to the left of it, too.
5 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	right	1
1 Object K is below object B and to the right of it, too.
2 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object G.
3 K and I are next to each other with K on the left and I on the right.
4 I is over there and W is on the left.
5 K is on the lower right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting at the upper right position to H.
2 B and R are vertical and B is above R.
3 G is below and to the right of Y.
4 R is on the right side to T.
5 G is over there and R is on the left of it.
6 G is on the left side to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
2 A is diagonally left and above A.
3 I and Q are both there with the object I is to the right of object Q.
4 Z is positioned below Y and to the left.
5 O and U are next to each other with U at the bottom O on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 U and G are next to each other with U on the top and G at the bottom.
2 U is sitting at the upper left position to E.
3 J is sitting at the lower right position to P.
4 G and L are both there with the object L below the object G.
5 T is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
6 T and W are both there with the object T is to the right of object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	left	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Q and T are side by side with Q to the left and T to the right.
3 U and S are vertical and U is below S.
4 Q is above S and to the left of S.
5 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	below	1
1 G is on the upper right of N.
2 G is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
3 D is at Z's 12 o'clock.
4 X is above and to the right of H.
5 P is diagonally right and below I.
6 I and Z are both there with the object Z below the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object R and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 E is at the bottom of P.
3 H is directly below O.
4 S is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
5 H and P are next to each other with P on the right and H on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 U and B are parallel, and U is to the right of B.
2 W is below R at 7 o'clock.
3 B is positioned below A and to the right.
4 P is over there and B is directly above it.
5 U is diagonally above Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 S and B are both there with the object S is to the right of object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	right	1
1 S is positioned above J and to the left.
2 R is sitting in the left direction of Z.
3 N is positioned right to M.
4 N is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	left	1
1 D is to the top-left of N.
2 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 R and G are parallel, and R on the left of G.
4 G is below P and to the right of P.
5 U and P are both there with the object U is to the right of object P.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
2 N is over there and L is directly below it.
3 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
4 O is positioned in the lower right corner of A.
5 S presents lower left to M.
6 R is diagonally left and below K.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	right	1
1 K and B are parallel, and K is on top of B.
2 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object F.
3 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
4 H presents upper right to B.
5 N is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 W is lower left to H.
2 Q is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 C is at the bottom of S.
4 E is on the left side of and below W.
5 Q is placed in the left direction of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	above	1
1 L and I are vertical and L is below I.
2 Z is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
3 Q is over there and Z is on the left of it.
4 K is to the right of Z.
5 The object M and D are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
6 Z is under J.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 O is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 L is to the top right of O.
3 F and C are in a vertical line with F on top.
4 S is upper left of L.
5 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	above	1
1 Y and C are next to each other with C at the bottom Y on the top.
2 U and F are parallel, and U is on top of F.
3 U is below Y and to the right of Y.
4 P presents below U.
5 O is diagonally right and below S.
6 Object G is below object C and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P and Z are both there with the object P above the object Z.
2 S is below Z and to the left of Z.
3 If H is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
4 K is positioned below and to the right of Z.
5 S is placed at the upper left of J.
6 Z and A are parallel, and Z is to the left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
2 B is directly above W.
3 K presents over B.
4 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
5 D presents upper right to K.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	below	1
1 Z is above and to the right of V.
2 Y is to the right of X.
3 M and V are side by side with M on the top and V at the bottom.
4 N is on the left side and above Q.
5 M is under Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	above	1
1 Q is over there and S is on the right of it.
2 T and P are both there with the object T is to the left of object P.
3 Q and M are parallel, and Q is to the left of M.
4 If K is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
5 M is placed in the left direction of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	left	1
1 W is sitting at the lower position to C.
2 U is sitting in the right direction of Q.
3 N is positioned below M and to the right.
4 F is above W and to the right of W.
5 M is placed at the lower right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
2 I is sitting at the lower position to V.
3 I is to the bottom left of R.
4 E and T are side by side with E on the top and T at the bottom.
5 O is over R.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 A is on the lower right of S.
3 Y is positioned above and to the left of O.
4 O is over there and G is on the left of it.
5 The object G and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
6 H is to the top of C vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
2 U is diagonally to the upper right of H.
3 F presents below N.
4 A presents left to I.
5 H and F are parallel, and H on the left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The object Q and O are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 C and O are next to each other with C on the left and O on the right.
4 X is at C's 12 o'clock.
5 Q is north east of F.
6 V is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	right	1
1 I is placed at the bottom of H.
2 C is above V at 2 o'clock.
3 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
4 G is below N and to the right of N.
5 N and S are both there with the object N is to the left of object S.
6 H is to the top right of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned above U.
2 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
3 M is at L’s 9 o'clock.
4 V is at the bottom of H.
5 J is placed at the upper right of L.
6 Object J is below object P and to the left of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 E is above R at 10 o'clock.
2 R is below and to the right of Q.
3 R is to the bottom left of I.
4 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
5 W is on the lower right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
2 Q is sitting at the upper left position to S.
3 The objects Y and V are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
4 J is positioned up and to the right of H.
5 Q is placed at the lower right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 Y is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face Y.
2 L is on the lower right of H.
3 H is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 T and L are side by side with L at the bottom and T on the top.
5 Object I is above object S and to the left of it, too.
6 A presents right to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	above	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
2 X is on the lower left of J.
3 Z is below V and to the left of V.
4 B is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 X is positioned below and to the right of D.
6 X is upper left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 U and M are side by side with U on the top and M at the bottom.
2 Y is to the top right of Z.
3 T is positioned up and to the right of M.
4 N is positioned in the front right corner of T.
5 U is positioned above K and to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 S is upper right to W.
2 T is over there and S is on the right of it.
3 The object T and K are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
4 The object L and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
5 T is south east of L.
6 J is placed on the top of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	left	1
1 U is positioned in the top left corner of V.
2 Object Z is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
3 X is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
4 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
5 F is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 M is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the right side and top of C.
2 I and U are in a vertical line with U below I.
3 O is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 R is below and to the right of C.
5 J is positioned below W.
6 Y is lower left to U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	below	1
1 E and X are side by side with E to the left and X to the right.
2 T and W are side by side with T to the left and W to the right.
3 B is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
4 X and P are parallel, and X is to the left of P.
5 E is south west of F.
6 F is to the top-right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 G is below and to the right of D.
3 L is over there and X is on the right of it.
4 J is placed in the left direction of G.
5 G is at L's 3 o'clock.
6 J is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Q is above and to the right of Y.
2 Object O is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 H and D are horizontal and H is to the right of D.
4 K is on the right side and below Y.
5 C is to the right of A.
6 Y is lower right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 R is placed at the bottom of P.
2 L is diagonally below C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 F is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
5 P is placed in the left direction of F.
6 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
2 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
3 P and H are parallel, and P is under H.
4 P is sitting at the upper left position to K.
5 H is below and to the right of Y.
6 N is on the right side and top of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	below	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
2 J is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 S is above Q with a small gap between them.
4 W is positioned in the top left corner of X.
5 A and T are in a vertical line with A on top.
6 Q is to the bottom right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is directly south west of F.
2 E is placed in the right direction of F.
3 Q and E are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
4 K is above I with a small gap between them.
5 H is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
2 The object F is positioned directly below the object S.
3 P is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 O is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
5 P is sitting at the lower left position to D.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	below	1
1 The objects I and E are over there. The object I is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 The object A and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 T is sitting at the upper left position to V.
4 V is sitting at the upper left position to P.
5 A is diagonally right and below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
2 J and K are both there with the object J is to the right of object K.
3 C is on top of S.
4 Z is placed at the upper left of F.
5 H is placed at the bottom of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The object O and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 Z is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 The object O and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
4 S is on the left and G is on the right.
5 The object C is positioned directly above the object S.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 R is north east of Z.
2 L is placed at the upper right of W.
3 I is on the left side and above R.
4 R is to the upper left of M.
5 Z is on the left side to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	right	1
1 K is diagonally right and below P.
2 F presents left to W.
3 P is on the right side and below D.
4 D and L are parallel, and D on the left of L.
5 P and W are in a vertical line with W below P.
6 If Z is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned below E and to the left.
2 D is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 K is at the bottom and S is on the top.
4 K and X are both there with the object K is to the right of object X.
5 X is on the right side to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	right	1
1 H is over there and O is on the left of it.
2 The object A is positioned directly above the object C.
3 Object F is below object A and to the right of it, too.
4 W and F are in a vertical line with F below W.
5 B presents over I.
6 O is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 W and E are next to each other with W on the top and E at the bottom.
2 N and W are parallel, and N is over W.
3 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
4 The object J and W are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
5 C is placed at the lower right of S.
6 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	right	1
1 L is below and to the left of Z.
2 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
3 J and D are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
4 A is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
5 N and J are parallel, and N on the left of J.
6 V and N are both there with the object N below the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object G.
2 S is diagonally left and above S.
3 O is placed in the left direction of D.
4 F is at O's 3 o'clock.
5 W presents lower left to F.
6 A is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 W presents over X.
2 Z is at U's 3 o'clock.
3 C is on the lower right of U.
4 G is above and to the right of C.
5 B is upper right to C.
6 G and K are parallel, and G is to the left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The objects L and W are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 U is sitting at the upper right position to F.
3 N is above and to the left of U.
4 F is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 U presents below E.
6 U is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 A and H are both there with the object A is to the left of object H.
2 W is positioned up and to the right of A.
3 H is to the bottom right of Z.
4 R is lower right of F.
5 M is positioned above S.
6 F and A are parallel, and F on the right of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	left	1
1 U and O are vertical and U is below O.
2 W is on the lower right of S.
3 E and S are side by side with E to the left and S to the right.
4 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
5 Q is above L.
6 Q is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	right	1
1 U is directly below G.
2 L and S are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
3 H is diagonally to the upper left of A.
4 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
5 Y is directly north east of L.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 W and Z are both there with the object W is to the right of object Z.
2 V is over W.
3 A is below Z at 4 o'clock.
4 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
5 K presents right to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 H and Y are horizontal and H is to the right of Y.
2 I is placed in the left direction of Q.
3 J is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
4 D is to the upper left of J.
5 T is placed at the upper right of Q.
6 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 E is placed at the upper left of O.
2 O presents below Q.
3 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
4 M is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
5 A and K are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
6 Q and B are in a vertical line with Q on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	above	1
1 J is over there and L is on the right.
2 U is placed at the lower left of W.
3 O is on the left side to S.
4 W is over there and S is on the right.
5 D is below U and to the left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 N is south east of I.
2 M is above S at 10 o'clock.
3 If M is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
4 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
5 M and I are side by side with M to the left and I to the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 P is diagonally to the bottom right of N.
3 R is to the upper left of P.
4 P is diagonally to the upper left of T.
5 L is directly north west of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Z and D are parallel, and Z on the right of D.
2 J is on the left side of and below T.
3 Z is over there and X is on the top of it.
4 P is above Y and to the right of Y.
5 X is upper right to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 H and G are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
2 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
3 U and V are parallel, and U is to the left of V.
4 V is below and to the left of M.
5 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned below Y and to the right.
2 W presents over B.
3 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object W.
4 L is to the bottom left of O.
5 L is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	below	1
1 O is lower left to X.
2 D and R are parallel, and D on the right of R.
3 X is on the right side to P.
4 O and R are parallel, and O on the left of R.
5 K is over there and D is on the left of it.
6 U is north east of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the left and E is on the right.
2 F is diagonally right and above O.
3 O is over there and C is on the top of it.
4 N is on the left side and above F.
5 B is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of E.
2 X is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face X.
3 H is positioned below V.
4 I and M are parallel, and I is to the left of M.
5 W is over there and E is on the right of it.
6 V is placed in the right direction of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 A and E are parallel, and A is to the right of E.
2 L is at W's 12 o'clock.
3 The object F is positioned directly above the object L.
4 L is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 P and X are horizontal and P is to the right of X.
6 W and B are both there with the object B below the object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 B and R are horizontal and B is to the left of R.
2 The objects O and K are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
3 E is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
4 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
5 H is over there and B is on the left of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	below	1
1 O is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
2 T and F are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
3 Y is positioned above V.
4 A is over W.
5 F is on top of V.
6 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	left	1
1 A is positioned below H.
2 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 C is on the left side of and below A.
4 C is on top of O.
5 Z is positioned below and to the right of H.
6 A is below B and to the right of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned below X and to the left.
2 X is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 J is on the right side to Y.
4 Z is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
5 S is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 L is over there and H is directly above it.
3 J is diagonally left and above J.
4 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
5 L is placed in the left direction of A.
6 H is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 E and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
2 D is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 W is at I’s 9 o'clock.
4 D and V are parallel, and D is over V.
5 J is positioned right to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	left	1
1 Q is to the top-right of B.
2 W presents below R.
3 If B is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
4 T is above Q and to the right of Q.
5 H and K are next to each other with K at the bottom H on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	below	1
1 L is to the bottom right of F.
2 T is at H's 6 o'clock.
3 L is sitting in the left direction of X.
4 D is on the left side and above J.
5 F is placed on the top of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	left	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
2 The objects M and E are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 Y presents over E.
4 The object O is positioned directly above the object Y.
5 I is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 The object Q and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 J is over there and Y is directly above it.
2 N is on the right side to J.
3 K is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
4 K is above E with a small gap between them.
5 V presents left to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	above	1
1 H is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 V is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
3 W is on the right side and below A.
4 A is positioned right to O.
5 W is on the left and F is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 C and H are in a vertical line with C on top.
2 B is sitting at the lower position to T.
3 S is on the right side to E.
4 T is upper left of E.
5 Y is above D at 2 o'clock.
6 Y is to the left of T horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
2 W and C are parallel, and W is over C.
3 D is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
4 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
5 E is below and to the left of W.
6 Z is positioned above and to the left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 V and B are parallel, and V on the right of B.
2 H is diagonally right and above S.
3 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
4 D and A are side by side with D to the left and A to the right.
5 A is on the left side to T.
6 R is over there and A is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	above	1
1 V is to the left of O horizontally.
2 W is over there and O is on the left of it.
3 V is below and to the right of M.
4 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
5 M is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 V and Y are parallel, and V on the left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	left	1
1 C and H are horizontal and C is to the right of H.
2 W is on the same vertical plane directly below A.
3 H is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
4 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
5 A is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the bottom right of Z.
2 H is to the upper left of Z.
3 H is above B and to the right of B.
4 D is sitting in the right direction of P.
5 L is over there and E is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B and V are parallel, and B on the left of V.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
3 N is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 X is to the right of L horizontally.
5 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 M and K are parallel, and M is to the left of K.
2 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
3 V is positioned down and to the left of J.
4 Q is diagonally above D to the right at a 45 degree.
5 M presents lower right to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 C is below J.
2 C is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 C is at the lower side of Y.
4 C is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 P is sitting in the right direction of X.
6 A is to the top right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 U is at W's 6 o'clock.
2 A is placed at the bottom of V.
3 E is on the lower right of S.
4 D presents left to W.
5 D is positioned below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
2 R and K are both there with the object R is to the right of object K.
3 M is diagonally to the upper left of R.
4 R is on top of I.
5 T is directly north east of G.
6 N and I are horizontal and N is to the left of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 R is above Y and to the left of Y.
2 L is positioned below G and to the left.
3 H is placed on the top of R.
4 E presents lower left to F.
5 F is at the bottom of R vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object P and F are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 U is on the upper right of Q.
3 F is at the bottom of C.
4 P and N are both there with the object P is to the right of object N.
5 P is at the bottom and S is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	below	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower position to S.
2 I is positioned up and to the right of A.
3 S is north east of M.
4 S is placed in the right direction of E.
5 X is positioned above Z.
6 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the top side to X.
2 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object V.
3 The object Q and Z are there. The object Z is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
4 V is positioned below G.
5 J and Q are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
6 L is to the upper left of M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the upper right of V.
2 Y is directly south east of H.
3 K is on the right side to P.
4 X and U are next to each other with X on the left and U on the right.
5 Y and K are side by side with K at the bottom and Y on the top.
6 K presents left to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	right	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
2 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
3 T is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 W presents right to Z.
5 If R is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
6 I is south west of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 L is to the bottom left of H.
2 C is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
3 U and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
4 H is at C’s 9 o'clock.
5 C is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 W presents lower right to D.
2 E is to the left of R horizontally.
3 If Q is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
4 Q and D are parallel, and Q on the left of D.
5 W is over there and T is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
2 E is on the upper right of H.
3 T is positioned down and to the left of U.
4 Object Y is below object B and to the right of it, too.
5 T is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the bottom-right of R.
2 J is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 R is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
4 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
5 I and F are parallel, and I is on top of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Y and E are parallel, and Y is under E.
2 R is on the left side and above F.
3 A is positioned left to Z.
4 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
5 U is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
6 R and A are parallel, and R is to the left of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Y is above and to the right of M.
2 S is over there and Y is on the left of it.
3 I is over there with L below.
4 E is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
5 C is north west of W.
6 M is over there and L is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 G is positioned above S and to the left.
2 T is on top of W.
3 M is sitting at the top position to G.
4 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
5 R is under S.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned in the top left corner of U.
2 The objects E and G are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 G is diagonally left and below J.
4 J is upper left of W.
5 D and J are side by side with J at the bottom and D on the top.
6 W is on top of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	left	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
2 Z is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 Object J is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
4 S is placed at the upper left of H.
5 A and H are both there with the object A above the object H.
6 S is on the top of L and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
2 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
3 A is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
4 Q is above Y and to the right of Y.
5 Q is lower right of T.
6 P is diagonally left and below J.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Y is upper right to B.
2 R is above X.
3 O is on the left side and above B.
4 B is on the right and E is on the left.
5 E is above L with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 B is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 G is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 X presents right to B.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 W and Q are in a vertical line with W on top.
2 Z and H are next to each other with H at the bottom Z on the top.
3 J is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
4 Z is at T's 12 o'clock.
5 The object T and W are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
2 M and L are in a vertical line with L below M.
3 E is at L's 3 o'clock.
4 X is to the bottom-left of D.
5 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
6 Y is on the top side to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	right	1
1 V and P are in a vertical line with P below V.
2 N is placed at the upper right of F.
3 N is below and to the right of Z.
4 A is above F with a small gap between them.
5 Q is above F and to the left of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 V is over there and A is on the right of it.
2 P is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper righthand corner.
3 G is lower right of A.
4 A is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
5 U is north east of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 X is lower right of A.
2 C is over there and G is on the left.
3 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
4 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
5 A is over there with C below.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	above	1
1 W and H are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
2 U is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
3 T is upper right to Z.
4 X is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 T and D are both there with the object T above the object D.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned below O and to the right.
2 C is at A's 12 o'clock.
3 T is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 M is north east of K.
5 A is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	above	1
1 S is below and to the left of L.
2 H is above M and to the right of M.
3 J is above L at 2 o'clock.
4 R is at D’s 9 o'clock.
5 N is lower left to H.
6 N is to the top-left of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the bottom left of D.
2 D is below A at 7 o'clock.
3 Z is to the right of D.
4 B is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 A is over there and X is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	above	1
1 Y is over there with I below.
2 P and X are next to each other with P on the left and X on the right.
3 P is on the right side to J.
4 S is placed in the right direction of L.
5 C is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
6 C and P are vertical and C is below P.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on top of C.
2 A presents left to L.
3 W is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
4 H is placed at the bottom of E.
5 J is positioned below A and to the left.
6 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 N is over there and V is on the top of it.
2 D is above Z at 10 o'clock.
3 N presents lower right to H.
4 Z is on the top side to V.
5 R presents upper right to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Q and G are horizontal and Q is to the right of G.
2 H is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 U is on the lower right of L.
4 Z is to the top-right of L.
5 F is placed in the left direction of E.
6 L presents below H.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	below	1
1 I is above and to the right of X.
2 B is over F.
3 U is on the right side and below P.
4 A presents upper right to P.
5 X is on the right side to A.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 I and X are horizontal and I is to the left of X.
2 A is positioned below R.
3 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
4 R is positioned right to X.
5 V is at the bottom and C is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 N and L are both there with the object N above the object L.
3 F is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
4 Q is below K.
5 V and L are next to each other with L at the bottom V on the top.
6 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 O is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Q is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 C is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
4 Q is above C at 2 o'clock.
5 Q is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
6 A is lower right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 P is below Y at 4 o'clock.
2 O is on the top and H is at the bottom.
3 E is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 V is to the left of Z horizontally.
5 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	left	1
1 D is placed at the upper right of I.
2 N is on the right side to U.
3 K is positioned right to I.
4 K is to the left of U.
5 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object O and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 W is positioned above and to the left of C.
3 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
4 W is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
5 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
6 I is on the left side of and below Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the right side and top of W.
2 Q is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
4 G is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 W is positioned above and to the left of Q.
6 L is to the left of O horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally left and below Q.
2 Z is south east of V.
3 C is over there and Q is on the top of it.
4 J is upper left of Z.
5 M is on the left side of and below A.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
3 C and W are horizontal and C is to the right of W.
4 Q is lower right of O.
5 The object O is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	right	1
1 R is on the top side to Q.
2 D is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
3 W is positioned below and to the right of F.
4 T is diagonally left and above T.
5 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 K and W are parallel, and K on the left of W.
2 L is above and to the left of I.
3 E is diagonally right and below G.
4 G and V are parallel, and G is to the left of V.
5 K is positioned below E.
6 Y and G are parallel, and Y is to the right of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	below	1
1 Z and B are both there with the object Z above the object B.
2 T is on the right side to W.
3 Z presents upper left to A.
4 Z is directly below P.
5 B is to the top of N vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	below	1
1 B and X are next to each other with B on the left and X on the right.
2 E and P are vertical and E is below P.
3 Object W is below object V and to the left of it, too.
4 X is sitting at the lower right position to C.
5 V is placed in the right direction of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	right	1
1 B is on the lower left of A.
2 D is diagonally left and above D.
3 H is lower right of Q.
4 A presents left to Q.
5 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
6 C is over there with P above.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the upper right of W.
2 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 J is diagonally right and below Q.
4 Z is positioned right to Q.
5 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
6 S is to the bottom right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
2 C is positioned in the top left corner of A.
3 N presents upper left to H.
4 L is below C and to the left of C.
5 P is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	left	1
1 R is positioned up and to the right of Q.
2 T is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 R is over there and G is on the left of it.
4 P is above and to the left of R.
5 R and D are parallel, and D is below R.
6 D is over there with L below.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
2 B and F are next to each other with B on the top and F at the bottom.
3 J is to the upper left of D.
4 N and L are parallel, and N on the left of L.
5 B is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	right	1
1 G presents below V.
2 H is above and to the left of B.
3 W is at D's 12 o'clock.
4 V is south east of B.
5 E is over there with B above.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there and L is directly below it.
2 X is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
3 L is positioned left to F.
4 L and H are next to each other with H at the bottom L on the top.
5 E is to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	above	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
2 L is at V’s 9 o'clock.
3 The object L is positioned directly above the object U.
4 S presents over J.
5 L presents left to S.
6 S is south east of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 X is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Y is directly below D.
3 Z presents below G.
4 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object T.
5 T is positioned in the lower right corner of X.
6 Y presents upper left to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	right	1
1 T is to the left of Z horizontally.
2 G is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 I is positioned above and to the left of Z.
4 O is on the left side to T.
5 A is over there and O is on the right.
6 I and V are horizontal and I is to the right of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting in the right direction of P.
2 G is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
3 The objects U and A are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
4 A is positioned in the front right corner of B.
5 B and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 J is directly north east of Q.
2 D is below A and to the left of A.
3 A is to the bottom-right of F.
4 D is to the right of K horizontally.
5 F is positioned below T.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T presents lower left to C.
2 T is above and to the left of M.
3 M is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 H is placed at the upper left of U.
5 D is to the bottom-right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned below J and to the left.
2 I is upper left of Z.
3 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object J.
4 C is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 Object D is above object B and to the left of it, too.
6 J is on the lower right of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 C is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
2 H is diagonally left and below C.
3 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
4 K is at Z's 6 o'clock.
5 F presents upper right to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 K is positioned below R and to the left.
3 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
4 J is positioned up and to the right of R.
5 C is positioned below K and to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of Q.
2 Q is directly below X.
3 S is on the upper right of T.
4 Z is positioned left to S.
5 E presents right to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the right side to Z.
2 S is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 The object R and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
4 S is positioned right to K.
5 Q is lower right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
2 E is positioned below H.
3 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
4 F is to the bottom-left of E.
5 The object M and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper left of K.
2 If A is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
3 K is positioned below L and to the right.
4 H is on the top and X is at the bottom.
5 G is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 L is to the top of H vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	below	1
1 S is sitting in the right direction of L.
2 Z is over there and J is on the left of it.
3 P is lower right of D.
4 S is south east of Z.
5 G is over there with L above.
6 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	left	1
1 M and C are both there with the object C below the object M.
2 I is south west of U.
3 C is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 P and T are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
5 F is above M and to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 U is south west of T.
3 O is over there and F is on the left.
4 I is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 X is sitting in the right direction of U.
6 T is to the bottom-left of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	above	1
1 F is placed at the upper right of X.
2 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
3 M is diagonally to the upper left of E.
4 E is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 M and R are side by side with M to the left and R to the right.
6 P is positioned right to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is diagonally left and below G.
2 I is sitting at the lower position to R.
3 J is over there and B is on the left.
4 V is placed at the lower right of F.
5 R is on the left side to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	below	1
1 X is above D and to the right of D.
2 S is under A.
3 F is sitting at the lower right position to S.
4 H is over there and F is on the top of it.
5 H is below I and to the right of I.
6 N presents over S.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
2 V and R are both there with the object V is to the left of object R.
3 O is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
4 J is to the left of V horizontally.
5 V and L are vertical and V is above L.
6 F and R are parallel, and F on the right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	above	1
1 G and O are next to each other with O on the right and G on the left.
2 J is at Q's 3 o'clock.
3 G is above C at 10 o'clock.
4 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
5 O is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y is placed at the bottom of K.
2 D is over Y.
3 F is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
4 P is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
6 Z and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S and U are vertical and S is above U.
2 E is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 G is above and to the right of S.
4 E is sitting at the top position to U.
5 J and M are horizontal and J is to the right of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower position to T.
2 K and U are next to each other with U at the bottom K on the top.
3 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
4 K is above and to the right of P.
5 P is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 R is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 O is on the lower right of R.
4 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
5 J is placed at the bottom of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 X is to the bottom left of O.
2 O is on the lower right of U.
3 M and D are parallel, and M on the left of D.
4 N is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
5 The object O is positioned directly below the object T.
6 U is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	right	1
1 K is above G and to the right of G.
2 F and L are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
3 K is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
4 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
5 Z is above and to the right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Z and P are in a vertical line with P below Z.
2 J is positioned above V and to the left.
3 Q is at Y's 12 o'clock.
4 Z is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
5 W is placed in the left direction of P.
6 N and J are vertical and N is above J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	below	1
1 H and N are parallel, and H on the right of N.
2 The objects E and A are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 C is below and to the left of X.
4 N and X are next to each other with N on the left and X on the right.
5 N is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 V and L are next to each other with L on the right and V on the left.
2 M presents upper right to L.
3 L is positioned up and to the right of X.
4 U is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
5 X is sitting in the left direction of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 W is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
2 F is over there and Q is on the top of it.
3 T is over there with C above.
4 C is upper right to U.
5 Y is directly south east of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	below	1
1 H is under X.
2 M and X are next to each other with X on the right and M on the left.
3 J is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 M is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
5 D is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
6 If H is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper left of W.
2 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
3 D is sitting at the lower right position to A.
4 Y is placed at the lower right of N.
5 E is directly south east of D.
6 R is diagonally right and below A.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 N and T are side by side with T at the bottom and N on the top.
2 The object G is positioned directly above the object Z.
3 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
4 J is on the right side and top of F.
5 Z and C are next to each other with C on the right and Z on the left.
6 G is diagonally to the upper right of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	left	1
1 D is placed at the upper right of I.
2 O is over there and Q is on the left.
3 O is south east of H.
4 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
5 T is positioned above P.
6 Q is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned right to O.
2 T is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
3 The objects G and N are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
4 U is over there with D above.
5 The objects T and O are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	right	1
1 B is directly south east of O.
2 The objects O and R are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 U is placed at the upper right of B.
4 N is on the upper right of B.
5 D and H are in a vertical line with D on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	left	1
1 C is on the upper right of J.
2 J is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
3 T is above and to the left of C.
4 J and X are next to each other with J on the top and X at the bottom.
5 Z is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	below	1
1 B is to the bottom-right of S.
2 E and G are both there with the object E is to the left of object G.
3 S is over there and L is on the left.
4 The object F is positioned directly below the object B.
5 Q is sitting at the lower left position to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 O is at the bottom of J.
2 S is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 S is to the bottom right of W.
4 T is positioned below K and to the right.
5 M is positioned in the lower left corner of J.
6 S and Y are both there with the object S above the object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	above	1
1 Z is positioned below and to the right of J.
2 T is on the right side and below B.
3 V is on the right side and top of J.
4 Z is sitting at the lower left position to I.
5 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
6 M is on the right side and below I.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	left	1
1 M is on the right side and below B.
2 F is over Z.
3 N is to the upper left of Y.
4 E is positioned in the top left corner of Z.
5 S is on the left side to Y.
6 F is over there and S is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	right	1
1 A is below G at 4 o'clock.
2 O is below and to the left of P.
3 C is upper right to W.
4 S is on the top and C is at the bottom.
5 The objects C and P are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
6 P is at the bottom of B vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 D is on the right side to I.
2 I is directly south west of E.
3 U is diagonally right and above D.
4 Z is to the top right of L.
5 Q is positioned up and to the right of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the top right of G.
2 M is on the left side and above J.
3 F is sitting at the upper left position to K.
4 J is sitting at the upper right position to R.
5 P is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
6 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the top-left of B.
2 H is to the top-right of W.
3 Y and N are vertical and Y is above N.
4 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
5 C is on the top and U is at the bottom.
6 W is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	above	1
1 E is positioned right to H.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
3 P is below R at 4 o'clock.
4 V is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 V is below W at 7 o'clock.
6 P is diagonally to the upper left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 D is on the top side to Z.
3 W is above Y at 10 o'clock.
4 A is over D.
5 D is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 J is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
2 M is placed at the upper left of W.
3 L is over there and W is on the left.
4 The objects A and S are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
5 I is to the top right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	above	1
1 W is below P and to the left of P.
2 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
3 U is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 Z presents lower left to H.
5 J is to the top-left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The objects R and W are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
3 M and U are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
4 V is on the left side to U.
5 U is directly below W.
6 H is positioned below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally left and above T.
2 G is above and to the right of H.
3 A is on the right and T is on the left.
4 T and X are parallel, and T on the right of X.
5 A is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	left	1
1 G is over there with N above.
2 A is positioned down and to the left of S.
3 W and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
4 F is below and to the right of Q.
5 If S is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
6 G is on the top and A is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 B is north west of A.
2 H and I are both there with the object H above the object I.
3 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
4 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
5 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
6 H and A are side by side with A at the bottom and H on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	right	1
1 K and B are side by side with B at the bottom and K on the top.
2 T and J are next to each other with T on the left and J on the right.
3 K and T are both there with the object K is to the left of object T.
4 K is on the upper right of D.
5 W and H are vertical and W is below H.
6 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object R.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the top of X vertically.
2 T is diagonally left and below G.
3 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
4 N and X are vertical and N is above X.
5 X is positioned above and to the left of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	right	1
1 M and K are both there with the object M above the object K.
2 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 N is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 N is at the bottom of K.
5 D is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
6 G is to the upper left of I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Y is on the top and O is at the bottom.
3 O is to the left of A horizontally.
4 F is placed in the left direction of Z.
5 T is over there and C is directly above it.
6 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	above	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of R.
2 Z and X are next to each other with X at the bottom Z on the top.
3 U is positioned in the front right corner of R.
4 F is to the bottom left of N.
5 R and Z are parallel, and R is under Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 X is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
2 O is positioned above E and to the right.
3 E is on top of S.
4 U is diagonally left and below Q.
5 G and X are in a vertical line with X below G.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 W and D are next to each other with D on the right and W on the left.
2 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
3 The object G is positioned directly below the object R.
4 C is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
5 O is over there and G is on the right of it.
6 C and R are side by side with C on the top and R at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
2 E is positioned right to X.
3 E is diagonally left and below J.
4 N is to the bottom-left of O.
5 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 M is sitting in the left direction of R.
2 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 M and D are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
4 K is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
5 E is positioned above K and to the right.
6 M is below and to the right of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	below	1
1 X presents below A.
2 G and H are both there with the object H below the object G.
3 L is to the upper left of H.
4 L is directly above X.
5 G is below Q with a small gap between them.
6 T is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	below	1
1 K is below and to the left of A.
2 U and R are both there with the object U is to the right of object R.
3 A is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
4 N is on the left side and above E.
5 W is placed at the upper right of Z.
6 U is to the bottom left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 A and U are both there with the object A is to the left of object U.
2 W and F are both there with the object F below the object W.
3 F is on the upper right of I.
4 J is to the bottom right of I.
5 K is to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 B is below C at 4 o'clock.
2 J is over there and Y is on the right.
3 B is on the left and J is on the right.
4 M is over there and B is on the left of it.
5 If R is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	right	1
1 The objects J and K are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 G is below W and to the left of W.
3 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
4 M and R are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
5 G and R are vertical and G is above R.
6 Q is positioned below R and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	above	1
1 H is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 I is diagonally right and below G.
3 I is diagonally left and above I.
4 I is positioned left to K.
5 G is upper left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 Y is to the left of D.
2 S is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
3 O is over there and J is on the top of it.
4 D is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 P and T are both there with the object P above the object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 N is placed in the right direction of T.
2 O is placed at the upper right of J.
3 O is on the lower left of G.
4 The object O is positioned directly above the object T.
5 E is south east of R.
6 S is below O with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	right	1
1 P is to the upper left of H.
2 L is diagonally right and below N.
3 Object A is below object H and to the right of it, too.
4 A is placed at the upper right of N.
5 J is over there and K is on the top of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 B is placed at the lower right of R.
2 The object labeled L is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
3 I is on the left side and above H.
4 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
5 V is above Y.
6 I presents lower right to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 M is positioned left to D.
3 G is positioned left to M.
4 E is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 The object E and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
6 H is at J’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	left	1
1 R is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 P and X are parallel, and P is to the right of X.
3 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
4 J is on the lower left of N.
5 X is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 I is at H's 6 o'clock.
2 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
3 Object F is below object T and to the left of it, too.
4 S is positioned below and to the right of E.
5 The objects G and S are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
6 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	right	1
1 A is directly above B.
2 H and N are parallel, and H is to the left of N.
3 N is below U with a small gap between them.
4 H presents upper right to R.
5 R is on the left and K is on the right.
6 D is to the bottom left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	left	1
1 V is positioned right to L.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 A is to the upper left of V.
4 G and U are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
5 R is placed in the left direction of O.
6 L is directly south west of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	above	1
1 A is over there and T is directly above it.
2 U and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom U on the top.
3 H presents upper right to T.
4 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
5 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	below	1
1 X presents right to V.
2 P is to the left of Y horizontally.
3 N is at the bottom of I.
4 Y is above I and to the right of I.
5 I is below and to the left of K.
6 M and Y are both there with the object M is to the left of object Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 X and S are parallel, and X is on top of S.
2 H is to the right of V.
3 D is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 S is above H and to the left of H.
5 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	left	1
1 B is at X's 12 o'clock.
2 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
3 If P is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
4 C is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
5 J is to the left of S.
6 S and I are parallel, and S is under I.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	right	1
1 L is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
2 N is to the top of W vertically.
3 R is directly north east of N.
4 C is on top of D.
5 C is over there and U is directly above it.
6 C and W are parallel, and W is below C.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 E and V are parallel, and E on the right of V.
2 T and E are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
3 L and T are next to each other with L on the left and T on the right.
4 E is to the right of X.
5 H is diagonally left and above H.
6 E is sitting at the lower right position to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	right	1
1 B is placed at the bottom of G.
2 P is to the right of H horizontally.
3 H is south east of F.
4 S is to the bottom right of A.
5 A and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
6 A is to the left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	right	1
1 K is on the left side and above W.
2 V is sitting at the lower right position to R.
3 W is on the upper right of V.
4 V is diagonally to the upper right of E.
5 Q is sitting at the top position to R.
6 T is on the top and N is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
2 The objects K and R are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 K is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face K.
4 P is to the bottom left of N.
5 X and T are vertical and X is below T.
6 K is below C at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 M and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and M on the top.
2 Object N is below object K and to the left of it, too.
3 T and W are side by side with W at the bottom and T on the top.
4 N is positioned above U and to the right.
5 N is diagonally left and below A.
6 A is below T.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 Y is over Q.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
3 Q and F are vertical and Q is below F.
4 P is positioned in the top left corner of H.
5 B is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 V is below W at 4 o'clock.
2 D is over there and L is on the left of it.
3 R is positioned above and to the left of W.
4 W is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
5 R is to the bottom right of L.
6 Z and O are parallel, and Z is to the right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 G is below J.
2 K and H are side by side with K to the right and H to the left.
3 H is above A and to the left of A.
4 V is to the top of C vertically.
5 H is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object L and V are there. The object V is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 S and D are both there with the object S is to the left of object D.
3 I is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
4 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
5 Z is on the lower left of R.
6 C is sitting at the top position to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the bottom left of T.
2 Object F is above object T and to the left of it, too.
3 K is sitting at the lower right position to F.
4 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
5 S is positioned left to O.
6 F is on the left side and above W.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 M is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
3 L and W are parallel, and L is to the left of W.
4 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
5 T and U are side by side with T to the right and U to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The objects S and R are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 A is over there and D is on the left of it.
3 V is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 J is to the top-right of I.
5 Object D is above object R and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object J and O are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
3 O is on the right side and top of Y.
4 L is at W's 6 o'clock.
5 N is diagonally left and above N.
6 I is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
2 R is at O's 3 o'clock.
3 N presents below R.
4 R presents right to B.
5 N is at the bottom of M vertically.
6 D and C are next to each other with C on the right and D on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 E and R are parallel, and E on the right of R.
2 W is diagonally left and above W.
3 V is directly below E.
4 D is directly north west of N.
5 If K is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
6 R and N are side by side with R to the right and N to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned above Y.
2 C presents right to J.
3 V and Y are both there with the object V above the object Y.
4 T is below K and to the right of K.
5 W is positioned above N and to the right.
6 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 T and F are next to each other with F on the right and T on the left.
2 F is diagonally right and above W.
3 Q is over there and W is on the right of it.
4 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
5 Q is at the bottom of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 P is upper left of W.
2 A is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
3 X and S are in a vertical line with S below X.
4 P is on the right side to A.
5 T is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	above	1
1 B and F are parallel, and B on the left of F.
2 C presents right to J.
3 K and Y are parallel, and K on the left of Y.
4 U is placed at the lower right of Z.
5 K is diagonally to the upper left of F.
6 K is on the left side of and below J.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 D is below O at 7 o'clock.
2 T is sitting in the right direction of A.
3 N is above D at 10 o'clock.
4 D and X are in a vertical line with X below D.
5 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned above and to the left of J.
2 Object W is below object L and to the left of it, too.
3 C is at L’s 9 o'clock.
4 W and Y are parallel, and W is over Y.
5 G is positioned left to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 V is at the bottom of L vertically.
2 W is positioned below F and to the left.
3 The object Y and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
4 If Z is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
5 Y is below Z and to the right of Z.
6 Z is on the top side to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	above	1
1 Q is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 C is to the right of M.
3 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
4 I is above R at 2 o'clock.
5 F and M are both there with the object F above the object M.
6 H is above N.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is below Q and to the left of Q.
2 A is above and to the left of L.
3 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
4 G is over there with Q below.
5 O is to the top of S vertically.
6 E is lower right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Q and V are parallel, and Q on the left of V.
2 A is positioned below R and to the left.
3 L is over there and N is on the right.
4 Q is placed at the lower right of L.
5 V is positioned in the front right corner of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	left	1
1 I is above and to the left of O.
2 H is diagonally to the upper right of G.
3 L is upper right to I.
4 I is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
5 D and Y are in a vertical line with D on top.
6 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of A.
2 S is south east of W.
3 U is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 V is to the top-left of A.
5 Q is over V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	above	1
1 N is placed at the bottom of O.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
3 H is positioned below A and to the right.
4 L and E are parallel, and E is below L.
5 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
6 H is above L and to the left of L.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 W and G are both there with the object W above the object G.
2 The objects G and C are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 H is to the left of G horizontally.
4 T is to the top right of N.
5 T is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 M presents upper right to V.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	below	1
1 Q is below and to the left of N.
2 G is directly above U.
3 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
4 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
5 T is on the left and D is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	left	1
1 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
2 N is to the bottom right of R.
3 B is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 W is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 E and N are in a vertical line with N below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 I is upper right to D.
2 C is directly south east of S.
3 T is over there and D is on the left of it.
4 J is below and to the right of T.
5 R is on the right and M is on the left.
6 M presents lower left to D.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the bottom-right of L.
2 The object B is positioned directly above the object V.
3 D and B are vertical and D is below B.
4 A is to the right of D horizontally.
5 Object K is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	below	1
1 X is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 W is placed at the bottom of H.
3 N is positioned above W and to the right.
4 R and H are both there with the object R above the object H.
5 W is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	above	1
1 E is lower left to Y.
2 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
3 If K is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
4 K and V are parallel, and K is to the right of V.
5 C and U are next to each other with U at the bottom C on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 O is on the right side to B.
2 I is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 A is north east of I.
4 Z is directly north east of O.
5 G is over there with I above.
6 J is to the upper left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 A is at M's 6 o'clock.
2 B is diagonally left and below R.
3 B is positioned above O.
4 W is at the bottom of O vertically.
5 C is on the left side of and below F.
6 W and C are in a vertical line with C below W.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	above	1
1 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to L.
2 The object V is positioned directly above the object F.
3 H is positioned in the top left corner of P.
4 Object H is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
5 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	below	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
2 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
3 Q is sitting at the upper left position to X.
4 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
5 X is lower left to K.
6 T is above H.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
2 S is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 E is upper left of B.
4 P presents right to W.
5 S is positioned right to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Z is below and to the right of Q.
2 N is to the bottom-left of H.
3 M is below N and to the left of N.
4 M is directly below B.
5 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
6 Y is at U's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is on the left and E is on the right.
2 S is diagonally left and below A.
3 A is on the left and L is on the right.
4 E and V are horizontal and E is to the right of V.
5 U presents upper left to M.
6 E is positioned left to W.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	right	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object A.
2 Q is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 If S is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
4 A and X are parallel, and A is under X.
5 K is positioned in the top left corner of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	below	1
1 P is at K's 6 o'clock.
2 U is to the bottom left of S.
3 Z is on the left side of and below W.
4 N is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
5 U is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
6 W is above Q and to the left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 O presents lower left to M.
2 I is to the upper left of R.
3 B is below I and to the right of I.
4 The object I is positioned directly below the object N.
5 K is sitting at the upper left position to I.
6 N and G are both there with the object G below the object N.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 R and Y are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
2 N is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face N.
3 P presents lower left to I.
4 Q is positioned above S and to the right.
5 Y and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom Y on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is over there and T is on the right.
2 S and O are parallel, and S on the right of O.
3 H is on the left side to O.
4 I and H are both there with the object I is to the left of object H.
5 X is on the lower right of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	left	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
2 T is positioned above N and to the right.
3 T is to the right of V horizontally.
4 Z is positioned above N and to the right.
5 Z is over there and K is on the left of it.
6 B presents upper right to K.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
2 I is directly north east of Y.
3 W is to the upper left of P.
4 B is to the top-right of T.
5 B is below W and to the left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
2 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
3 J is to the upper left of Q.
4 The objects F and J are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
5 R is lower left to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 A and O are both there with the object A is to the left of object O.
2 Y is positioned in the top left corner of J.
3 K and Y are in a vertical line with Y below K.
4 X is diagonally left and below Y.
5 K is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 G is at P's 6 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is below object M and to the left of it, too.
2 I is at the lower side of A.
3 M is lower right of N.
4 N is on the right side and below O.
5 S is to the bottom-right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object L and N are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 A is to the top right of D.
3 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
4 E and L are parallel, and E is on top of L.
5 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
6 E is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	left	1
1 O is positioned below and to the right of P.
2 G is placed at the upper right of Q.
3 V and M are side by side with V to the left and M to the right.
4 S and Q are vertical and S is above Q.
5 O presents right to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	left	1
1 U is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 F is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 K is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
4 V is to the bottom right of J.
5 I is positioned left to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper left of C.
2 P is over there and U is on the right of it.
3 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
4 N and Y are parallel, and N on the right of Y.
5 P is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	right	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of X.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
3 B is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
4 L is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
5 X presents over L.
6 P is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 B is on the left side and above Z.
3 B is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
4 G is positioned above T and to the left.
5 The object E and P are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
6 T is positioned above D.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 W is above and to the right of R.
2 O is placed at the lower right of W.
3 Q is diagonally left and below X.
4 K is positioned above R and to the left.
5 O is placed on the top of T.
6 O is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 C and F are in a vertical line with C on top.
2 V is over there with W above.
3 Object I is above object L and to the left of it, too.
4 F is to the left of H horizontally.
5 I is to the bottom left of O.
6 O is placed in the right direction of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	above	1
1 W presents left to D.
2 P is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
3 Z is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
4 G is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
5 I is over there and Z is directly above it.
6 P is positioned right to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	above	1
1 R and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
2 X is over there and M is directly above it.
3 A is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
4 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
5 B is below P at 7 o'clock.
6 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	left	1
1 X is on the right side and top of I.
2 Object B is below object D and to the left of it, too.
3 H is over there with S above.
4 S is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
5 S is positioned in the top left corner of I.
6 T is directly south west of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 The objects X and V are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 E is below W with a small gap between them.
3 W is above Z at 2 o'clock.
4 P is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 N is on the left side to W.
6 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	below	1
1 M presents below E.
2 F and E are next to each other with F on the top and E at the bottom.
3 N is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
4 E is positioned down and to the left of B.
5 D is below and to the left of E.
6 I is to the bottom right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 K is above O and to the right of O.
2 The object U and O are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 O and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and O on the left.
4 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
5 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	above	1
1 P and C are horizontal and P is to the right of C.
2 G is to the bottom-right of B.
3 D is below B at 4 o'clock.
4 U is placed at the bottom of M.
5 P is placed in the right direction of D.
6 X is at the bottom of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	right	1
1 B is to the top-right of V.
2 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
3 O is to the upper left of I.
4 O is over there with V below.
5 V is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
6 The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object D.
2 C is placed at the upper right of L.
3 B presents left to R.
4 C is diagonally left and above C.
5 C is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
6 C is positioned down and to the left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
2 P is south west of N.
3 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
4 G and Q are parallel, and G is over Q.
5 G is to the left of K horizontally.
6 T is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	below	1
1 Q is to the bottom-right of X.
2 X is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 S is positioned above and to the left of B.
4 H is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
5 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	right	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
3 J presents left to P.
4 E and W are vertical and E is below W.
5 I is diagonally left and below J.
6 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
2 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
3 X is to the left of B.
4 R presents over L.
5 P is to the upper left of F.
6 X is over there and F is on the right of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 X is below F at 7 o'clock.
2 D is upper right to X.
3 Z is above Y and to the right of Y.
4 D is diagonally to the upper left of M.
5 M presents upper left to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 C is below P and to the left of P.
2 G is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 C is sitting in the left direction of X.
4 B is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
5 P is at the bottom and W is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	above	1
1 Q is to the bottom left of G.
2 M and P are side by side with M to the left and P to the right.
3 Q is on the left side to F.
4 C and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
5 T is positioned down and to the left of K.
6 T is positioned above and to the left of F.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	below	1
1 B is over there and F is directly below it.
2 S is on the lower right of W.
3 F is directly above A.
4 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
5 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
6 D is over there and F is on the top of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
2 A and D are parallel, and A is under D.
3 The objects P and N are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
4 V is on the top and O is at the bottom.
5 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 U is there and O is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 G is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
4 U is above R and to the right of R.
5 O presents over N.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 A is placed at the lower right of F.
2 K is sitting at the lower left position to A.
3 A is on the right side and below H.
4 G and E are next to each other with G on the left and E on the right.
5 J is below and to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 K is on the upper right of R.
2 R is south east of D.
3 Z is on the lower right of L.
4 Object Y is above object V and to the left of it, too.
5 O is at R's 3 o'clock.
6 Y is over there with K below.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	right	1
1 T is positioned below R.
2 L is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
3 F is over there with G above.
4 Z is upper right to V.
5 T is diagonally to the upper right of S.
6 L is upper left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 X is on top of I.
2 B presents upper left to X.
3 A is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
4 A is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face A.
5 J is above M with a small gap between them.
6 X is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 M is directly below S.
2 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
3 L is above and to the left of C.
4 M is sitting at the top position to K.
5 F is over there and M is directly above it.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	above	1
1 G is on the left side of and below I.
2 G is to the right of P horizontally.
3 N is positioned above O.
4 M and V are side by side with V at the bottom and M on the top.
5 P and N are both there with the object N below the object P.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	below	1
1 T is on the left side to Y.
2 If P is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
3 H is positioned below Y and to the left.
4 D is below J and to the right of J.
5 Y and V are in a vertical line with V below Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the top and W is at the bottom.
2 B and W are side by side with W at the bottom and B on the top.
3 B is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
4 A is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
5 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
6 W is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	above	1
1 U and J are side by side with U on the top and J at the bottom.
2 Y and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
3 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
4 E and V are horizontal and E is to the left of V.
5 N is at the lower side of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 F and G are side by side with G at the bottom and F on the top.
2 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 B is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
4 O and P are parallel, and P is below O.
5 Z is placed at the bottom of G.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	right	1
1 H and U are side by side with H to the right and U to the left.
2 W is south west of H.
3 L is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
4 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
5 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
6 H is below and to the left of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	right	1
1 U is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 The object N is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 C and Z are side by side with C on the top and Z at the bottom.
4 C is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
5 U and E are parallel, and U on the right of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the left of R.
2 X is on the left side and above S.
3 D is above and to the left of X.
4 V is above S and to the left of S.
5 D is placed in the left direction of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The objects N and R are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 X is south east of U.
3 The objects C and E are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
4 C is to the top-left of J.
5 C is on top of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the right side and top of D.
2 H is south west of N.
3 Object L is below object K and to the right of it, too.
4 K is on the lower left of T.
5 T is at C's 3 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	above	1
1 N is below J and to the left of J.
2 R is on the right side and top of X.
3 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
4 J is at C's 3 o'clock.
5 C and Q are in a vertical line with C on top.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 W is below P with a small gap between them.
2 T is on the left side and above Y.
3 B is placed at the upper right of C.
4 S and T are vertical and S is below T.
5 Y is on the upper right of Q.
6 Y is over there with W above.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	above	1
1 I and G are side by side with I on the top and G at the bottom.
2 F and Q are parallel, and F is on top of Q.
3 N is to the right of W horizontally.
4 H is sitting at the upper left position to M.
5 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object F.
6 N and M are both there with the object N is to the right of object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 A is over there and S is on the right.
2 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object T.
3 U is at X’s 9 o'clock.
4 X and R are horizontal and X is to the left of R.
5 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
6 U is positioned right to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	left	1
1 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
2 Q is to the upper left of X.
3 B is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
4 Q presents upper left to Y.
5 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
6 M and Y are parallel, and Y is below M.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 M presents upper left to S.
2 C is over there and V is on the top of it.
3 J is on top of L.
4 V and S are vertical and V is below S.
5 S is positioned left to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 S is above and to the left of P.
2 A is over there and H is directly below it.
3 D and S are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
4 P and O are both there with the object P is to the left of object O.
5 Y is to the bottom-right of D.
6 D is at Z's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 A is over there and O is on the left.
2 B is below K and to the right of K.
3 O is sitting at the lower right position to W.
4 F and A are next to each other with A at the bottom F on the top.
5 A and U are side by side with A to the right and U to the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 T is directly north east of Q.
2 S is sitting in the left direction of H.
3 H is on the left and E is on the right.
4 M is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
5 S is positioned below N.
6 E is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	below	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of R.
2 N and W are in a vertical line with N on top.
3 X is on the left side and above N.
4 O is diagonally right and below A.
5 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	above	1
1 U is on the right side and top of W.
2 M is lower right of X.
3 I is on the left side to M.
4 O is positioned in the front right corner of N.
5 N presents left to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at the bottom of T vertically.
2 Z is to the left of Y horizontally.
3 E is directly north east of F.
4 O is directly south west of T.
5 Z is to the upper left of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
3 A is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 H is placed in the left direction of C.
5 N is to the right of C horizontally.
6 T is placed in the left direction of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the bottom-left of W.
2 H presents upper right to Y.
3 C presents left to S.
4 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
5 D presents right to L.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	right	1
1 R is over there with B above.
2 A is placed at the upper right of I.
3 L is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 B is below L.
5 W and D are parallel, and W on the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	right	1
1 O is below V with a small gap between them.
2 G is below Z at 4 o'clock.
3 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
4 C is placed at the upper right of F.
5 Z is over there and C is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
2 The objects B and S are over there. The object B is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
3 B and W are horizontal and B is to the right of W.
4 O is above and to the right of N.
5 D is over S.
6 C is over there and K is on the left of it.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 C and V are next to each other with C on the left and V on the right.
2 E is to the bottom-left of R.
3 H is over there and V is on the right.
4 O is to the bottom right of H.
5 L is upper left of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 I is placed on the top of S.
2 M and P are parallel, and M is on top of P.
3 L is above D and to the left of D.
4 S is to the top right of P.
5 J is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R and C are parallel, and C is below R.
2 Q and G are both there with the object G below the object Q.
3 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
4 O is over there with R above.
5 Z is placed at the bottom of O.
6 W is positioned above Z and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	below	1
1 B is over there with H below.
2 M is placed at the bottom of E.
3 Q is on the right side and below K.
4 K is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
5 D is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
6 D is sitting in the right direction of A.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 W is sitting in the left direction of B.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
3 S is positioned above J and to the left.
4 D and S are side by side with D on the top and S at the bottom.
5 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
6 R is directly south east of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	below	1
1 E presents right to L.
2 L is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 U is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 I and Y are parallel, and I is over Y.
5 P is over there and W is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	below	1
1 H is on top of W.
2 B and W are in a vertical line with B on top.
3 D is positioned below B and to the left.
4 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
5 K and F are parallel, and F is below K.
6 X is sitting in the left direction of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 N is positioned down and to the left of I.
2 J is over there with F below.
3 I is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
4 Z is on the left and A is on the right.
5 I is to the left of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
2 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
3 K is directly north east of N.
4 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
5 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
6 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	left	1
1 O is lower right of V.
2 T is positioned right to D.
3 I is on the upper right of D.
4 P is positioned above J and to the left.
5 D is sitting in the right direction of L.
6 D is to the top-left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 H and G are parallel, and H on the left of G.
2 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
3 G presents upper right to B.
4 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
5 K and H are parallel, and K is to the right of H.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	below	1
1 F is over there and P is on the right.
2 X and J are parallel, and X is over J.
3 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
4 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
5 J is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 The object R and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
2 B and T are both there with the object T below the object B.
3 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
4 L is over V.
5 B is on the right and E is on the left.
6 S and N are side by side with S to the right and N to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Object Z is above object B and to the left of it, too.
2 K and A are in a vertical line with K on top.
3 L is positioned above and to the left of Q.
4 Q is positioned below W and to the left.
5 Z is positioned in the front right corner of S.
6 L and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	left	1
1 S is above and to the right of T.
2 F is at X’s 9 o'clock.
3 H is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
4 L and A are both there with the object L is to the right of object A.
5 T is on the left and L is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 O is over there and G is at the bottom of it.
2 H is over there and Z is directly above it.
3 I and G are both there with the object G below the object I.
4 Object O is above object H and to the left of it, too.
5 D is diagonally right and above W.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower righthand corner.
2 R presents over F.
3 Q is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 A is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 T is upper right to V.
6 F is upper left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 X is directly below F.
2 H is over T.
3 Q is sitting at the lower position to H.
4 G is at the bottom of P vertically.
5 H is directly south west of W.
6 P is south east of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	below	1
1 E is placed at the bottom of O.
2 S and V are next to each other with V at the bottom S on the top.
3 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
4 Q is placed on the top of T.
5 A is to the right of V.
6 Z is below S with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 C is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
2 N is north east of M.
3 N presents lower right to O.
4 M is on the right side and top of P.
5 R and A are in a vertical line with A below R.
6 C is sitting at the top position to P.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of P.
2 A is below N and to the left of N.
3 Object O is below object U and to the left of it, too.
4 S is on the right side to U.
5 P is over there and O is directly above it.
6 T and S are in a vertical line with T on top.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 G is above F and to the right of F.
2 The objects X and E are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 F is to the bottom left of E.
4 E is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
5 L is at the bottom and C is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	above	1
1 B is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is positioned down and to the left of P.
3 The objects T and N are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
4 K is on the right side to Z.
5 P is to the bottom-left of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 X is at N's 12 o'clock.
2 N is over there and J is on the left of it.
3 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
4 M is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 X is positioned right to G.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 E is at the lower side of K.
2 L is sitting at the lower right position to W.
3 If A is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
4 W is at the bottom and A is on the top.
5 J is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
6 The object F is positioned directly below the object W.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the left and L is on the right.
2 X is directly north east of Z.
3 L is positioned down and to the left of F.
4 P is on the top side to I.
5 I is on the top and D is at the bottom.
6 D and F are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	below	1
1 V is placed in the left direction of U.
2 V is over there and X is on the left.
3 F is upper left of J.
4 U is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
5 U is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	below	1
1 A and E are parallel, and A on the right of E.
2 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
3 D is placed at the upper right of S.
4 I is positioned left to H.
5 C is to the left of S.
6 S is positioned below and to the right of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 X is directly below S.
2 I is to the top right of L.
3 M is lower right of S.
4 G is to the upper left of M.
5 The object X is positioned directly above the object K.
6 K is to the bottom-left of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 S is lower left to A.
2 H and S are parallel, and H is on top of S.
3 X is placed at the lower left of H.
4 M and V are both there with the object V below the object M.
5 S is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Z.
2 Z is placed in the left direction of J.
3 X is positioned left to M.
4 L is at the bottom and G is on the top.
5 J is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 C and A are next to each other with C on the top and A at the bottom.
2 M is above and to the right of A.
3 A is below L and to the right of L.
4 I and W are both there with the object W below the object I.
5 L is placed at the lower left of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 K is on the right and R is on the left.
3 P is to the left of I horizontally.
4 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object G.
5 B is at the bottom and K is on the top.
6 P and X are side by side with P to the right and X to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 Y presents lower left to Q.
2 E is directly north east of Y.
3 J and D are vertical and J is above D.
4 R is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
5 Y is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
2 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
3 W is positioned below E.
4 Y is placed in the left direction of Q.
5 A is on the left and D is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 R is placed at the upper left of F.
2 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
3 K is positioned above and to the left of D.
4 D is over there and M is on the left of it.
5 D is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 A is north east of Q.
2 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
3 If G is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
4 I is below B at 4 o'clock.
5 K and B are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 N and K are parallel, and N is to the left of K.
3 U and N are parallel, and U is to the right of N.
4 D is to the left of K horizontally.
5 F is above K and to the right of K.
6 J is over there and F is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	right	1
1 The objects Z and L are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 Q and S are both there with the object Q above the object S.
3 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
4 Z is over there and K is on the left.
5 L and A are vertical and L is above A.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned below and to the right of C.
2 K and B are parallel, and K is under B.
3 B is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 U is over there with O above.
5 N is sitting at the top position to H.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Z is placed in the left direction of A.
2 A is on the right and X is on the left.
3 Z is placed at the upper left of P.
4 L is lower left to Z.
5 G is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 N and J are both there with the object J below the object N.
2 X is on the right side to O.
3 F is above and to the right of U.
4 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
5 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
6 X is positioned in the lower left corner of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object O and F are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 P is above O and to the left of O.
3 F is at the bottom of H vertically.
4 G is on the upper right of Z.
5 H is on the right side and top of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	above	1
1 G is to the left of P.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
3 G is to the top of I vertically.
4 Object D is above object M and to the left of it, too.
5 B and R are parallel, and B on the right of R.
6 R is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 R is to the right of J horizontally.
2 K and S are vertical and K is above S.
3 W is placed in the left direction of R.
4 The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
5 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
6 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 I is above X and to the right of X.
2 C is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 D is placed on the top of X.
4 D and R are next to each other with D on the top and R at the bottom.
5 K is placed at the lower left of R.
6 U is above Q and to the right of Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
3 Y and U are parallel, and Y is to the right of U.
4 L and N are both there with the object L is to the right of object N.
5 T and W are next to each other with T on the top and W at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 L and F are parallel, and L is under F.
3 M is to the bottom-right of P.
4 M is on the left and I is on the right.
5 The objects I and R are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
6 I is to the right of F horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 R is positioned below C and to the left.
2 W is upper right to I.
3 X is positioned below B and to the left.
4 The object R is positioned directly below the object X.
5 If B is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
6 The object H is positioned directly above the object J.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 Q is over there and C is on the top of it.
3 H is on the upper right of O.
4 E and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
5 H is at the lower side of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 H is above P at 10 o'clock.
2 The objects F and P are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 A is south west of Q.
4 V is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
5 P is to the bottom left of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the top of U vertically.
2 U and Y are parallel, and U on the left of Y.
3 O is positioned above and to the left of N.
4 H is on the top and T is at the bottom.
5 X is north west of U.
6 L presents lower left to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	right	1
1 W and S are both there with the object W is to the left of object S.
2 C is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
3 Z and H are next to each other with H at the bottom Z on the top.
4 Y is directly north east of O.
5 C is on the right side and below Z.
6 Z and R are parallel, and Z is to the left of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
2 A is to the top-right of C.
3 If B is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
4 X is over there and F is on the left of it.
5 S is north east of B.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	left	1
1 The object J is positioned directly above the object V.
2 Q is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 O is over there and Q is on the right of it.
4 Y is to the top-left of Q.
5 M is to the top-left of S.
6 S and P are horizontal and S is to the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	left	1
1 C is sitting in the right direction of R.
2 M is directly south east of B.
3 R is above and to the right of J.
4 R presents right to M.
5 P is on the top side to W.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	above	1
1 K is on the right and B is on the left.
2 D is above I at 10 o'clock.
3 I is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 G is directly north east of D.
5 D is placed in the right direction of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
2 P is below A with a small gap between them.
3 O is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
4 U is above and to the left of Y.
5 P is on the upper right of V.
6 O is below V at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	below	1
1 P is at the lower side of O.
2 I is south west of Q.
3 V and W are parallel, and V on the right of W.
4 J is to the bottom-right of P.
5 Object Q is below object J and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Q is above and to the left of E.
2 P is diagonally above D to the right at a 45 degree.
3 Q is on top of T.
4 E is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
5 Q is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S presents right to A.
2 J is below C and to the right of C.
3 L is to the right of J.
4 C is to the top right of A.
5 Z presents upper left to Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
2 G is to the bottom-right of Z.
3 J is on the left side of and below G.
4 L and J are side by side with L to the right and J to the left.
5 C is over there and L is on the right.
6 U is over there and H is directly above it.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 C and U are side by side with U at the bottom and C on the top.
2 N and A are side by side with N to the right and A to the left.
3 L is over there and P is on the left.
4 J is to the upper left of N.
5 N is sitting at the upper right position to U.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is north east of E.
2 I is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
3 R is placed in the left direction of T.
4 B is above and to the right of I.
5 E and I are both there with the object E is to the left of object I.
6 L and E are vertical and L is below E.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
2 The objects U and R are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 L is on the right and F is on the left.
4 Object U is below object E and to the right of it, too.
5 B is below U with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 A and W are vertical and A is above W.
2 R is on top of Y.
3 Z is on the left side of and below Q.
4 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
5 E is directly above L.
6 R presents lower right to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the bottom-right of K.
2 V presents over P.
3 V is positioned down and to the left of R.
4 V is on the left and K is on the right.
5 D is placed in the right direction of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the top and T is at the bottom.
2 Y is to the bottom right of A.
3 H is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 H is diagonally right and above L.
5 U is over there and T is on the right.
6 The objects H and U are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	left	1
1 L is south west of W.
2 Y and W are in a vertical line with Y on top.
3 L and V are side by side with L to the right and V to the left.
4 S and A are parallel, and A is below S.
5 B and W are next to each other with W at the bottom B on the top.
6 B is over there with H above.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
2 O is on the right side and top of C.
3 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
4 P and E are side by side with P to the right and E to the left.
5 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
6 V is at G's 12 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	right	1
1 K and Y are parallel, and K is under Y.
2 The objects P and K are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 B is positioned below Z.
4 P is positioned left to V.
5 P and Q are in a vertical line with Q below P.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 W is to the right of V.
3 B is positioned below J.
4 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
5 V is placed at the upper right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	right	1
1 P and F are horizontal and P is to the right of F.
2 I and F are in a vertical line with I on top.
3 U is sitting at the top position to L.
4 U presents left to F.
5 A is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 Object V is below object E and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	above	1
1 B is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 F is under B.
3 G is on the lower right of S.
4 T is positioned in the front right corner of F.
5 I is over there and W is on the top of it.
6 G is on the left side to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	left	1
1 O is directly south west of C.
2 I is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
3 L is below and to the left of R.
4 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
5 C is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
3 T is over there with V below.
4 Object R is below object T and to the left of it, too.
5 A is to the bottom-left of T.
6 E is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 U and R are horizontal and U is to the left of R.
2 G and E are horizontal and G is to the left of E.
3 E is positioned below D and to the right.
4 R is placed at the upper right of E.
5 X and D are parallel, and X on the right of D.
6 H is below P at 7 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 F is over there with Q above.
2 N is sitting at the 12:00 position to F.
3 A and N are horizontal and A is to the left of N.
4 W and Q are both there with the object W is to the left of object Q.
5 Z is to the top-right of E.
6 B is over there and A is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to F.
2 I is positioned below C.
3 W is over there with N below.
4 F is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face F.
5 I is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
6 D is below and to the left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
2 Object N is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
3 U is directly north east of G.
4 G is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
5 X and J are next to each other with J at the bottom X on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object M and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 G is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
4 Z is over N.
5 U and K are both there with the object U is to the right of object K.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
2 A is south west of U.
3 H is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 E is positioned below D and to the left.
5 D is diagonally to the upper right of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned below Q.
2 F is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
3 Y is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
4 If L is the center of a clock face, U is located between 2 and 3.
5 F is to the bottom-left of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
2 X is sitting at the lower right position to A.
3 V is directly north east of K.
4 J and X are next to each other with X on the right and J on the left.
5 R is on top of Z.
6 X is above Z and to the right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	above	1
1 F is diagonally right and above X.
2 X is below and to the right of T.
3 W is placed on the top of B.
4 S and N are parallel, and S on the left of N.
5 F is diagonally left and above F.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	left	1
1 T is north east of G.
2 L is below D.
3 C and U are parallel, and C is under U.
4 D is sitting at the top position to F.
5 L is sitting in the left direction of T.
6 O is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 P and B are in a vertical line with P on top.
2 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object O.
3 D is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
4 F is north west of Z.
5 If N is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
6 O is below Z and to the right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	below	1
1 E and Z are horizontal and E is to the right of Z.
2 I is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 A is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
4 Q is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
5 I is over L.
6 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 D is placed in the right direction of X.
2 X is directly below O.
3 O is directly above S.
4 C is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	below	1
1 P is positioned in the front right corner of K.
2 Q is placed at the upper left of C.
3 Z and K are in a vertical line with K below Z.
4 The object R is positioned directly above the object P.
5 S and K are parallel, and S is to the left of K.
6 Z and M are both there with the object Z is to the right of object M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the left side to P.
2 K is south east of M.
3 The object R is positioned directly below the object Z.
4 Z is diagonally right and below D.
5 E is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
6 E is at M's 3 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
2 N presents left to R.
3 M is north west of L.
4 T is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
5 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object R.
6 E presents upper right to Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned left to J.
2 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 J is to the upper left of I.
4 J is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
6 J is positioned below and to the right of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	above	1
1 W is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 N is on the upper right of Y.
3 Object H is below object N and to the left of it, too.
4 A is sitting at the upper right position to H.
5 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
6 H is directly above U.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	right	1
1 S and N are both there with the object N below the object S.
2 S is at the bottom of I.
3 N is at the lower side of K.
4 U is above H at 10 o'clock.
5 L is at O's 3 o'clock.
6 O is positioned below S and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	above	1
1 E is under C.
2 V is at the bottom and S is on the top.
3 S is above J at 2 o'clock.
4 J is diagonally right and above C.
5 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
6 L is lower left to S.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L presents left to Y.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
3 Q and R are in a vertical line with Q on top.
4 B is to the bottom-left of X.
5 P is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is placed at the bottom of O.
2 J is on the left side to K.
3 Y is over there and I is on the left of it.
4 If Z is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
5 F is positioned below I and to the left.
6 Y is to the left of D.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 K and U are next to each other with K on the left and U on the right.
2 V and I are parallel, and V is under I.
3 K is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
4 U presents upper left to C.
5 U is below Z at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 V and Q are vertical and V is below Q.
2 D is to the bottom-right of B.
3 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object G.
4 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
5 U and L are next to each other with U on the top and L at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	left	1
1 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
2 S is on the right side to Z.
3 S is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 Y is positioned right to L.
5 D is at the bottom of L vertically.
6 The object H and G are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	above	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
2 F presents upper right to E.
3 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
4 Y and S are next to each other with S on the right and Y on the left.
5 A is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Y and Z are side by side with Y on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
3 A is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
4 R is at the lower side of D.
5 Z is at Q's 6 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	right	1
1 L is to the bottom-left of R.
2 N is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 I is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
4 K is positioned in the top left corner of V.
5 The object H and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
6 H is above T and to the left of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to V.
2 B and N are parallel, and B on the right of N.
3 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
4 B is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
5 S is above Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the left of J.
2 M is to the bottom-right of K.
3 B is sitting at the lower left position to D.
4 M is placed at the upper right of S.
5 K presents upper right to J.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned below and to the right of V.
2 O is directly north east of X.
3 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
4 X is directly above C.
5 B and Y are parallel, and B is to the right of Y.
6 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 D is to the left of H.
2 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object G.
3 V is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
4 T and B are parallel, and T is to the right of B.
5 S is positioned above M and to the right.
6 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	right	1
1 D and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
2 N is over there and F is on the right of it.
3 F is below V at 4 o'clock.
4 J is over there and G is directly below it.
5 V is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
6 W is positioned below J and to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 C is placed on the top of L.
2 M is positioned above E and to the right.
3 E is below K and to the right of K.
4 M is at H's 12 o'clock.
5 M presents below Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the top-right of O.
2 C and U are parallel, and U is below C.
3 U is on the top side to T.
4 J is diagonally left and below S.
5 U and O are both there with the object U is to the left of object O.
6 O is on the left and X is on the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 D is south east of A.
2 U and Y are vertical and U is below Y.
3 T is on the top side to U.
4 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
5 K is directly south west of E.
6 E is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	right	1
1 W is lower right of E.
2 R is below N with a small gap between them.
3 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object G.
4 E is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
5 G is placed in the right direction of N.
6 I presents lower right to J.
7 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	below	1
1 T is diagonally right and above F.
2 Object F is above object V and to the left of it, too.
3 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
4 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
5 U and B are vertical and U is above B.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 The object H is positioned directly above the object C.
2 Y is over there and U is on the left of it.
3 H and K are side by side with H on the top and K at the bottom.
4 H and S are side by side with H to the right and S to the left.
5 J is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 G is to the top right of N.
2 A is below Y at 7 o'clock.
3 Y is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 E is on the top side to V.
5 D is upper right to E.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 C is below and to the left of X.
2 W presents lower right to L.
3 Q is to the upper left of T.
4 X is to the top-left of Z.
5 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
6 L is to the top-right of C.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 J is below W and to the left of W.
2 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 N is upper left of W.
4 W is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 Y presents over I.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 X and H are next to each other with X on the top and H at the bottom.
2 O is on the right and N is on the left.
3 P is at the lower side of F.
4 O is to the bottom-right of T.
5 X is to the bottom-right of T.
6 O and R are side by side with O to the left and R to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
2 A is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 E is positioned below C and to the left.
4 I is on the left side to C.
5 T and U are both there with the object T above the object U.
6 E and V are parallel, and E is to the left of V.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 K and U are horizontal and K is to the right of U.
2 F is below M and to the right of M.
3 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
4 X is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
5 X is on the top side to M.
6 U is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	below	1
1 M is above G with a small gap between them.
2 J is directly above A.
3 F and A are both there with the object F is to the right of object A.
4 P and F are side by side with P on the top and F at the bottom.
5 J is positioned below and to the right of V.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	below	1
1 J is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 J and A are parallel, and J is on top of A.
3 T is on the right and C is on the left.
4 S is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
5 J is to the right of S horizontally.
6 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	above	1
1 W is below M.
2 R is on the lower left of K.
3 If K is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
4 X is on the left and H is on the right.
5 R and H are in a vertical line with R on top.
6 K is directly south west of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 T is below and to the right of I.
2 T is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
3 I presents left to A.
4 N is at L's 6 o'clock.
5 T is on the upper right of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of E.
2 B and R are parallel, and B on the left of R.
3 N and C are side by side with N to the left and C to the right.
4 C is to the top-left of Q.
5 R and Q are side by side with R on the top and Q at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	above	1
1 C is on the lower right of N.
2 L is below Z with a small gap between them.
3 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
4 If L is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
5 A is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, O is located between 10 and 11.
2 U is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
3 H presents right to Q.
4 U and V are side by side with V at the bottom and U on the top.
5 H is placed in the right direction of P.
6 N presents right to T.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	right	1
1 I is below and to the left of V.
2 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
3 U is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
4 P and F are next to each other with F on the right and P on the left.
5 V is placed at the lower left of P.
6 I is over there with D below.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 L is positioned up and to the right of O.
3 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
4 The object N and W are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
5 F is on the lower left of N.
6 M is south west of N.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 T and I are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 L is placed on the top of J.
3 R is to the top-right of Q.
4 R is positioned above and to the left of A.
5 I is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 The objects U and Q are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	above	1
1 T is lower right of D.
2 Q is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 Q is placed at the upper left of M.
4 R is placed at the lower left of Q.
5 The object Y and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 X presents upper left to P.
3 B is north east of Y.
4 R is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
5 X is positioned in the front right corner of C.
6 If Q is the center of a clock face, C is located between 10 and 11.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
2 T is north west of B.
3 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
4 I is placed at the lower left of Q.
5 F and N are next to each other with F on the top and N at the bottom.
6 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over there and B is on the right of it.
2 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 Z is over there and B is on the right of it.
4 P and M are parallel, and M is below P.
5 A is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 W is below U and to the left of U.
2 L is on top of J.
3 U is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 D is above and to the left of U.
5 J and U are vertical and J is above U.
6 M is above and to the right of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	above	1
1 K is over there and U is directly below it.
2 N is to the bottom-left of H.
3 K is over there and D is on the left of it.
4 If F is the center of a clock face, U is located between 2 and 3.
5 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly above A.
2 R is positioned down and to the left of Y.
3 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
4 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object C.
5 Q is below and to the right of B.
6 B is to the left of J horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned above Y and to the left.
2 Q is placed at the upper right of D.
3 Z and F are both there with the object Z above the object F.
4 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
5 Y is above D and to the right of D.
6 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 U is upper left of M.
2 H and W are next to each other with H on the left and W on the right.
3 E is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
4 U and J are parallel, and U is to the right of J.
5 J is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
3 H is on the right and C is on the left.
4 Y presents upper right to J.
5 P is positioned below J.
6 C is positioned down and to the left of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 R is over there and Q is on the right of it.
2 E is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
3 Q is at the lower side of P.
4 R is to the bottom left of U.
5 V is placed at the lower right of Y.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 A is over there and D is directly below it.
2 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
3 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
4 Y presents lower left to D.
5 Y is on the left side and above B.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper right of B.
2 A is positioned in the top left corner of I.
3 R is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
4 U is below L with a small gap between them.
5 U is over there and A is directly below it.
6 If R is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 E and O are both there with the object E is to the left of object O.
2 I is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 I is on the right side to S.
4 X and K are side by side with X on the top and K at the bottom.
5 T is positioned below Q and to the right.
6 K is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the left and O is on the right.
2 D is north west of W.
3 B and X are parallel, and B on the right of X.
4 I is below X at 4 o'clock.
5 S is positioned above and to the left of W.
6 D is over there and X is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the bottom and V is on the top.
2 O is on the left side of and below K.
3 R is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Z is directly south east of C.
5 V is placed in the left direction of B.
6 J is below O and to the right of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 W is on the same vertical plane directly above N.
3 E and V are next to each other with E on the top and V at the bottom.
4 C and L are both there with the object C is to the right of object L.
5 N is to the top right of T.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 E is at U's 12 o'clock.
2 Z is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
3 U is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
4 H is positioned below and to the right of P.
5 U is below H at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 F is south east of S.
2 O is below F with a small gap between them.
3 V is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
4 I is on top of W.
5 W is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	left	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 B is on the top side to E.
3 V is on the right side and top of S.
4 D is diagonally left and below I.
5 E is at L's 6 o'clock.
6 D and E are parallel, and D is to the right of E.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is on the left side and above H.
2 T is on the left and Y is on the right.
3 Y is positioned down and to the left of S.
4 G is directly south east of L.
5 K and S are next to each other with K on the left and S on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
2 P is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
3 L is to the bottom left of O.
4 L is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 Y and O are next to each other with O at the bottom Y on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 W and Q are both there with the object W is to the right of object Q.
2 H is over there and Q is directly above it.
3 If H is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
4 A and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
5 N is positioned in the front right corner of B.
6 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
2 G is positioned above H.
3 D presents over C.
4 D and Z are parallel, and D on the left of Z.
5 O is directly below S.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 K and A are both there with the object K is to the right of object A.
2 I is placed in the right direction of A.
3 A is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
4 W is at U’s 9 o'clock.
5 W is placed at the upper right of I.
6 V and P are both there with the object V is to the right of object P.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the upper left position to W.
2 S and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
3 H is upper left of O.
4 G is positioned below B.
5 The object C is positioned directly below the object B.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 Object J is above object H and to the left of it, too.
2 K is south east of C.
3 Y and J are side by side with J at the bottom and Y on the top.
4 N and H are horizontal and N is to the left of H.
5 N is over there and O is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 N is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
2 Q is positioned above and to the left of C.
3 W is over there with D below.
4 T is above W and to the left of W.
5 W is above H at 2 o'clock.
6 S and N are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	right	1
1 J is at the bottom of G.
2 M is directly below Y.
3 Y is on the lower right of S.
4 M is placed at the lower right of D.
5 M is positioned below N.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	below	1
1 L is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
2 N is directly north west of X.
3 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
4 N is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
5 X is lower right of F.
6 L is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	below	1
1 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
2 Q is directly above D.
3 X is on the same vertical plane directly above L.
4 L presents upper left to M.
5 U is to the left of X.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there with O below.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
4 E is to the right of Y.
5 Q is on top of E.
6 R presents lower right to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	above	1
1 F is north east of M.
2 C and K are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
3 O is to the right of D.
4 K is on the top and R is at the bottom.
5 R is sitting in the left direction of M.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	right	1
1 W is diagonally to the bottom right of G.
2 F is to the left of Z.
3 T is to the bottom right of G.
4 The object X is positioned directly above the object O.
5 The object G and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
6 X is on the left side to I.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z is over there and C is on the left.
2 S and Y are parallel, and S is on top of Y.
3 G is diagonally to the upper left of L.
4 Z is over there and L is directly above it.
5 O is above L at 10 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 R and G are parallel, and G is below R.
2 C is positioned in the front right corner of K.
3 S is to the top right of R.
4 U is on the top and H is at the bottom.
5 V is above R and to the left of R.
6 K is positioned up and to the right of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	below	1
1 W and G are next to each other with G on the right and W on the left.
2 Y is above and to the left of G.
3 T is sitting at the top position to U.
4 The object J and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
5 G and J are horizontal and G is to the right of J.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	right	1
1 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
2 If W is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
3 W is to the left of Q.
4 N and T are next to each other with T at the bottom N on the top.
5 J is above P at 10 o'clock.
6 P is positioned above F and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there and F is directly below it.
2 B is above O with a small gap between them.
3 O is at the lower side of D.
4 G is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
5 D is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
6 I is upper right to F.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
2 C is to the top of Y vertically.
3 O and B are vertical and O is above B.
4 H is on the right side to T.
5 H presents left to X.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	left	1
1 F is over there and W is directly above it.
2 V presents lower right to Q.
3 Q is over there with K above.
4 X is at E's 12 o'clock.
5 Q is above O.
6 E is south west of O.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	right	1
1 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
2 K is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
3 U is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
4 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
5 K is over there and R is on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 W and D are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
2 Y is below L.
3 L presents left to V.
4 V is over there and Z is on the left.
5 U is under E.
6 L is diagonally left and above L.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	left	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
2 R is to the left of V horizontally.
3 H is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
4 H is over there and W is on the right.
5 D is upper right to Q.
6 S is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	right	1
1 B is on the lower right of D.
2 Object D is below object U and to the left of it, too.
3 O is on the top side to X.
4 P is positioned right to Z.
5 D presents upper left to Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	left	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
2 B is diagonally left and below Z.
3 The object H is positioned directly below the object B.
4 H is on the lower left of C.
5 H is diagonally right and above M.
6 C is over N.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to G.
2 I is at S’s 9 o'clock.
3 E is over there and G is on the left of it.
4 F is above and to the left of D.
5 G is upper right to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	left	1
1 X is below D at 4 o'clock.
2 O is sitting at the top position to M.
3 M is above X with a small gap between them.
4 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object F.
5 T and C are both there with the object C below the object T.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 N is over there and Q is on the left.
2 S is positioned in the front right corner of G.
3 J is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
4 V is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 G is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the right side to Y.
2 G is placed in the left direction of I.
3 If C is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
4 U is below Z and to the right of Z.
5 I is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
6 C and Z are parallel, and C on the right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the upper left of K.
2 S and D are side by side with S to the right and D to the left.
3 F is diagonally to the upper left of M.
4 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
5 D is diagonally to the upper left of C.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned above and to the left of H.
2 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
3 R and B are both there with the object B below the object R.
4 U is positioned below F.
5 R is at the lower side of U.
6 E is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Y is above Z with a small gap between them.
2 P is on the right and Q is on the left.
3 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
4 L is above and to the left of H.
5 The objects K and H are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
6 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	left	1
1 K is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 G is over there and C is on the left of it.
3 C is over there and U is directly above it.
4 Q is positioned left to I.
5 S is placed at the lower left of U.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 S is south west of E.
2 If R is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
3 S is over there and W is on the top of it.
4 E and Q are both there with the object E is to the left of object Q.
5 S is positioned left to M.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 T and D are side by side with D at the bottom and T on the top.
2 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
3 K is positioned below and to the right of A.
4 I is to the top-right of Z.
5 K is above and to the left of Z.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 F is at the bottom and E is on the top.
2 B is over there and M is on the left.
3 K and I are both there with the object K above the object I.
4 X and B are next to each other with X on the left and B on the right.
5 M is to the left of E horizontally.
6 N is on the right side to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 E is above S and to the left of S.
2 G is positioned up and to the right of F.
3 G is at the lower side of Y.
4 T is placed in the left direction of Q.
5 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
2 W is directly south west of S.
3 The objects V and M are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
4 L is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 S is placed on the top of E.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 Z is to the left of W horizontally.
4 A is directly north west of Y.
5 G is positioned above K.
6 K is at the bottom and P is on the top.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	below	1
1 S is over there and A is on the left.
2 P is south east of C.
3 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
4 I is over there and B is directly above it.
5 J is on the right and C is on the left.
6 Y is placed in the left direction of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 S is to the bottom left of D.
2 M is below and to the left of A.
3 R is at the bottom and C is on the top.
4 L and M are both there with the object L is to the right of object M.
5 O presents upper left to L.
6 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
2 S is on the upper right of C.
3 A is on the left side to S.
4 J is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
5 F is diagonally below A to the right at a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	below	1
1 F is at E's 12 o'clock.
2 I is to the top of W vertically.
3 T is placed on the top of D.
4 E is upper left of D.
5 S is above D.
6 A presents lower left to E.
7 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The objects Z and G are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 N is below G and to the left of G.
3 S is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
4 The object B and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
5 S is above K and to the right of K.
6 J is to the right of N horizontally.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 N is placed in the right direction of V.
2 U is above K at 10 o'clock.
3 If U is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
4 V presents below A.
5 P is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 X is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	right	1
1 X is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 U is lower left to W.
3 W is directly south east of T.
4 X is on the left and H is on the right.
5 I and D are next to each other with I on the left and D on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	below	1
1 V is on the left side to Y.
2 H is diagonally left and below D.
3 E is positioned above B and to the left.
4 K is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 Y is over there and E is on the left.
6 R presents below B.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The objects W and H are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 T presents right to W.
3 R is at the bottom of F.
4 Y is to the top-left of S.
5 H is placed in the left direction of F.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	below	1
1 Q is positioned above U and to the right.
2 B is directly below Q.
3 I is positioned in the top left corner of H.
4 H is over there with Q below.
5 T is positioned above and to the left of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 S is at the bottom of V.
2 K is below H and to the right of H.
3 P and Q are vertical and P is above Q.
4 S is on the right side and top of P.
5 Q is positioned below U.
6 U is placed at the lower right of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned in the top left corner of X.
2 D is sitting at the top position to G.
3 N is north west of G.
4 K and N are next to each other with K on the top and N at the bottom.
5 S is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face S.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Z is below and to the left of R.
2 W is above F at 2 o'clock.
3 D is over there and O is on the right of it.
4 O is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
5 M is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	below	1
1 M is over there and A is on the top of it.
2 N is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 V is at X’s 9 o'clock.
4 H and B are next to each other with B on the right and H on the left.
5 T is on the left side and above H.
6 Object V is below object N and to the right of it, too.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper right of M.
2 S is on the right side to T.
3 Q is positioned down and to the left of M.
4 D is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of O.
2 P is directly south east of N.
3 Q is diagonally right and below T.
4 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
5 Object O is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned right to F.
2 U is positioned up and to the right of L.
3 U is over there and C is directly below it.
4 U is south east of P.
5 E and L are parallel, and E is over L.
6 I is to the right of J.
7 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 Y is on the right side and below M.
3 G is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 E is to the bottom-left of I.
5 K is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
6 Y is over there and G is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 R is placed in the right direction of B.
3 R is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
4 V is to the right of Z.
5 U is over there and P is on the left.
6 I is directly north east of B.
7 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 V is at the bottom of M vertically.
2 O is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
3 M is south east of S.
4 M and N are in a vertical line with M on top.
5 N and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	above	1
1 K is placed at the bottom of D.
2 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
3 K is south west of Q.
4 D is to the right of Y horizontally.
5 W is over there and L is on the right of it.
6 E is to the bottom-left of Y.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 S is to the left of L.
2 M is over there and O is on the right of it.
3 C is upper right to S.
4 L is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 G is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the lower left of S.
2 H is placed at the upper right of Z.
3 V is above W with a small gap between them.
4 S and O are parallel, and S is over O.
5 V is placed at the upper right of O.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 I is directly south west of V.
3 V is directly south east of O.
4 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
5 C presents left to I.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 E is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 M and E are next to each other with E on the right and M on the left.
3 M is upper right to S.
4 W is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
5 A and I are both there with the object A above the object I.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 W is below C with a small gap between them.
2 The objects F and K are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 K is over there with W above.
4 K is positioned right to G.
5 K is over there and B is on the right of it.
6 V is on the right side and top of R.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	above	1
1 I is on top of S.
2 D and W are next to each other with D on the left and W on the right.
3 T is positioned in the top left corner of V.
4 H is lower left to T.
5 W is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower lefthand corner.
6 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B and C are next to each other with C on the right and B on the left.
2 I is above and to the right of B.
3 The object I is positioned directly below the object X.
4 G is over there with N below.
5 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
6 J is directly north east of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 L is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
3 M and Z are horizontal and M is to the left of Z.
4 If T is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
5 V is to the bottom left of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 G is positioned right to Y.
3 Y and W are both there with the object Y is to the right of object W.
4 S is positioned in the front right corner of O.
5 Z and I are parallel, and I is below Z.
6 W is over there and I is on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 O is over there and T is on the left.
2 E is sitting in the right direction of R.
3 F and K are side by side with K at the bottom and F on the top.
4 E is to the right of U horizontally.
5 U is sitting at the lower position to F.
6 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 M is to the right of D horizontally.
3 Y is positioned above U and to the left.
4 M and F are side by side with F at the bottom and M on the top.
5 V is diagonally right and below P.
6 F is over there and H is directly below it.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 H is lower left to N.
2 O is placed on the top of S.
3 A is diagonally left and above A.
4 B is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
5 H is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
6 H presents lower right to O.
7 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 K is over there with G above.
2 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
3 L is over there and G is on the left.
4 C is over there with S below.
5 L and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is sitting at the upper left position to U.
2 D is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
4 Z is to the bottom-left of P.
5 Z is below N at 7 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 L and H are next to each other with H at the bottom L on the top.
2 O is positioned up and to the right of F.
3 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
4 K and H are next to each other with K on the left and H on the right.
5 M is at B's 3 o'clock.
6 A and B are vertical and A is above B.
7 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object B is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 S is positioned left to R.
3 B is below K with a small gap between them.
4 The object Y is positioned directly below the object T.
5 The objects Q and R are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
6 G is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	right	1
1 U is to the bottom right of C.
2 If A is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
3 V is positioned below C and to the left.
4 V is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
5 Q is lower right of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 J is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
3 J is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
4 J is over there and L is on the right of it.
5 Y is positioned below T.
6 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	below	1
1 R presents lower right to F.
2 X is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
3 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
4 P is at the bottom of E.
5 E is to the top of X vertically.
6 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	below	1
1 M is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 F is sitting in the right direction of B.
3 D is above B and to the left of B.
4 C is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face C.
5 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
6 B and N are vertical and B is below N.
7 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	left	1
1 M and O are both there with the object M is to the right of object O.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
3 W is positioned above K and to the left.
4 P and Q are side by side with P on the top and Q at the bottom.
5 R and K are side by side with K at the bottom and R on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 H and X are horizontal and H is to the left of X.
3 S is at G's 6 o'clock.
4 B is sitting at the lower right position to S.
5 M and S are parallel, and M is over S.
6 F and M are side by side with F to the right and M to the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
2 L is positioned in the top left corner of C.
3 B is directly north east of H.
4 N is on the top side to Y.
5 Y is to the bottom left of R.
6 Y is below and to the right of Z.
7 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	above	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 B presents right to J.
3 E is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 Q is sitting at the upper left position to H.
5 N is on the left and P is on the right.
6 Q is on the left side and above P.
7 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	left	1
1 L and O are both there with the object L is to the left of object O.
2 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
3 J is to the left of U horizontally.
4 L is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 If F is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
6 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 A is on top of V.
2 G and D are parallel, and G is under D.
3 L is on the left side of and below R.
4 A is above R at 2 o'clock.
5 V is at the bottom of Q vertically.
6 B presents upper right to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
2 F is south east of T.
3 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
4 A is on the top side to I.
5 H is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
6 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 The object Y is positioned directly above the object M.
3 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
4 N is at M's 12 o'clock.
5 Y is over there and F is on the top of it.
6 M is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 N is on the right side and below U.
2 A and H are both there with the object A is to the right of object H.
3 D is to the left of W horizontally.
4 H is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
5 E is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
6 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	left	1
1 F is to the bottom right of E.
2 U is diagonally left and above U.
3 U is over there and W is on the left of it.
4 O is diagonally right and below H.
5 M is over there and O is on the right of it.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned left to X.
2 X is above and to the right of K.
3 N is to the right of V.
4 A and K are vertical and A is below K.
5 O is sitting at the lower left position to X.
6 T and P are next to each other with P on the right and T on the left.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
2 L is to the upper left of P.
3 Y is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
4 Y is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
5 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
6 J is lower right of T.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	left	1
1 G is sitting at the lower left position to C.
2 X is over there and H is on the left.
3 H is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
4 O is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
5 S presents upper right to O.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 A is above V and to the left of V.
2 X and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom X on the top.
3 H is positioned below X.
4 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
5 The objects I and R are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
6 C and H are horizontal and C is to the left of H.
7 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 K is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 T is south west of X.
3 K is there and X is at the 2 position of a clock face K.
4 X is above and to the left of A.
5 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object G.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 W is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 J is at A's 6 o'clock.
3 P is placed in the left direction of J.
4 M is on the lower right of G.
5 W is above P and to the right of P.
6 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
2 C is to the bottom left of O.
3 R is to the bottom left of G.
4 If R is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
5 L is below O at 4 o'clock.
6 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	right	1
1 T is on the top and M is at the bottom.
2 C is over there and J is directly above it.
3 R is below and to the left of X.
4 B is on the left side and above T.
5 M is at the bottom and X is on the top.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
2 T and U are parallel, and T is under U.
3 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
4 A and G are both there with the object G below the object A.
5 K is south east of A.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower position to Q.
2 T presents lower right to H.
3 R is placed in the right direction of S.
4 N is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
5 H presents lower right to R.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 K presents lower left to S.
2 D is positioned above C and to the right.
3 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
4 E is below C and to the right of C.
5 P and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 K and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom K on the top.
2 K is below U at 7 o'clock.
3 M is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 M is directly north west of Q.
5 R presents lower left to S.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Z is directly south west of S.
2 N and Z are next to each other with N on the top and Z at the bottom.
3 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
4 B is positioned above T and to the right.
5 I and G are side by side with I to the left and G to the right.
6 S is sitting at the upper right position to A.
7 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	right	1
1 E is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
2 I and E are side by side with I to the right and E to the left.
3 L and I are vertical and L is above I.
4 L is over there with Q below.
5 K is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the lower right of G.
2 D is above P and to the left of P.
3 H is over there and E is on the top of it.
4 X is positioned in the top left corner of H.
5 X is on the left and N is on the right.
6 J is at the bottom of X vertically.
7 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	left	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
2 K is to the bottom-left of P.
3 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
4 K is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 I is positioned below E.
6 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Z and N are horizontal and Z is to the left of N.
2 Y is to the left of H.
3 Z and A are in a vertical line with Z on top.
4 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
5 G is positioned below and to the right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	left	1
1 B is to the bottom-right of S.
2 Y and L are both there with the object L below the object Y.
3 H is south west of D.
4 B is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
5 P and H are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
6 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Y is over there with M below.
2 V is above E with a small gap between them.
3 I is on the same vertical plane directly above N.
4 I is positioned above E.
5 Z is positioned up and to the right of N.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 X is placed at the upper right of J.
2 F and S are parallel, and F on the left of S.
3 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
4 B is to the bottom-left of J.
5 K and X are both there with the object K above the object X.
6 W is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	above	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled C.
2 D is positioned left to H.
3 The objects S and M are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
4 F is placed at the upper right of W.
5 D is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
6 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	below	1
1 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
2 R is over there and J is on the left.
3 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
4 R is north west of A.
5 C is on the left and A is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	right	1
1 L presents upper right to X.
2 Object Z is below object X and to the right of it, too.
3 L is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
4 P is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 T is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
6 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	below	1
1 G is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 P is placed at the upper right of K.
3 The object Z and A are there. The object Z is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
4 A is to the right of G.
5 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned below M and to the left.
2 N is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
3 C is placed at the bottom of S.
4 N is above G.
5 V is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
6 N and V are vertical and N is above V.
7 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	right	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper left of P.
2 Y is to the bottom-left of V.
3 Object C is above object A and to the left of it, too.
4 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object J.
5 N and V are vertical and N is above V.
6 H is positioned above Y and to the right.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	left	1
1 H is below N and to the right of N.
2 Z is diagonally right and below X.
3 N is above and to the left of R.
4 X is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 S is on the left and O is on the right.
6 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
2 G is on the lower left of Y.
3 The object B and Y are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
4 Y is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
5 U is on the left side and above K.
6 If Z is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned down and to the left of U.
2 Y is over B.
3 Y is over there and U is on the left of it.
4 B is on the left and L is on the right.
5 T is below K and to the right of K.
6 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	right	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 S is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 G is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
4 X is on the right and J is on the left.
5 G is directly above E.
6 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	above	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
2 H is above D.
3 C is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
4 H is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
5 C is below J and to the left of J.
6 C is to the bottom-left of K.
7 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	below	1
1 Y is placed at the upper left of J.
2 M is over there and E is on the right.
3 J is below M at 7 o'clock.
4 If Y is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
5 U is above and to the left of Q.
6 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
2 B is to the top right of T.
3 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
4 J is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
5 X is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
6 B and J are both there with the object J below the object B.
7 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 R is directly north west of A.
2 X is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
3 X is over there and P is on the left of it.
4 Z is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
5 S is above A with a small gap between them.
6 R is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
2 R is over there and U is directly above it.
3 L is to the right of R horizontally.
4 D and U are parallel, and D is over U.
5 L is placed in the left direction of Y.
6 S is sitting at the lower position to N.
7 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Y presents lower right to J.
3 Object M is below object F and to the left of it, too.
4 J is on the left side of and below I.
5 R is placed in the right direction of F.
6 N is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
7 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned below W and to the left.
2 M is at V's 6 o'clock.
3 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
4 I and G are next to each other with G at the bottom I on the top.
5 The objects V and W are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
6 E is sitting at the upper right position to L.
7 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 P is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 T is to the bottom right of D.
3 N is to the bottom right of T.
4 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
5 V is over there and M is on the right.
6 B is sitting at the top position to Q.
7 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	below	1
