1 X is to the left of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	left	1
1 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	below	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	left	1
1 P is diagonally left and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 I is placed in the left direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	left	1
1 P and N are parallel, and P on the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 W and P are parallel, and P is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	below	1
1 W and M are parallel, and W is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	left	1
1 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	left	1
1 M is south east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 H is placed on the top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	above	1
1 V and Z are in a vertical line with V on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Y is positioned above C and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	right	1
1 J is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	above	1
1 K is above N and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	right	1
1 N is below M and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 B is at the bottom of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	above	1
1 X and N are side by side with X to the right and N to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 Y is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 R is on the left and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	left	1
1 J is north west of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 H and F are parallel, and H is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	right	1
1 W and H are parallel, and W is under H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is to the bottom-left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 H and E are next to each other with H on the left and E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is on the left side of and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 The object O and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 K is over there with I above.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	below	1
1 W and B are parallel, and W is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	right	1
1 The object I is positioned directly above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	below	1
1 G is directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Z presents lower right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 M is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 N and O are parallel, and N on the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	right	1
1 T is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 Z is positioned below U and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 P presents upper left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 C is below and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned below U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Z is above F and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there and B is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	left	1
1 The objects S and A are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 E and S are parallel, and S is below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 O presents below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	above	1
1 D and O are vertical and D is below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	above	1
1 P presents upper left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and T is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	above	1
1 J is over there and H is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	above	1
1 G is to the top-left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	right	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	right	1
1 G is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	above	1
1 U is on the top and C is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	above	1
1 A and M are next to each other with M on the right and A on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	left	1
1 O is there and C is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 W presents upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the top side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	below	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the right side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	right	1
1 H is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 F is below and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 M and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	left	1
1 L is over there and H is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 E and U are side by side with U at the bottom and E on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	below	1
1 B is placed on the top of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	below	1
1 P is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 D presents upper left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 K and W are side by side with K on the top and W at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	below	1
1 Q and E are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	left	1
1 R is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	above	1
1 V is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 A is lower left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object A and V are there. The object A is below and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 M presents left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	left	1
1 Object H is below object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 K is above L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	below	1
1 P is over there and A is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 S is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the top of G vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	below	1
1 U is over there with Y below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	below	1
1 G is to the top-right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	right	1
1 Y is positioned above B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	left	1
1 U is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	left	1
1 C is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	left	1
1 R is directly north east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	left	1
1 X is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the top-right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	above	1
1 O is positioned below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	below	1
1 M is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, X is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 R and T are parallel, and R is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 W and I are horizontal and W is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	left	1
1 K is to the upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 U is sitting in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	left	1
1 V presents right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	left	1
1 G is lower left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P and F are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	right	1
1 J and W are parallel, and J is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	right	1
1 I and T are next to each other with I on the left and T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	left	1
1 K is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 H is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 M presents upper left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 G is positioned below M and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 I and D are next to each other with I on the left and D on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is over there and I is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 G is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	below	1
1 T is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	above	1
1 H is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	above	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	below	1
1 T is over there and K is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 W is positioned below X and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Y and U are parallel, and Y is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	right	1
1 W is below and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 T is below and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 F is lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 F is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	below	1
1 K is above R at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the top-left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The objects O and A are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 C is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 M is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the bottom and H is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q is positioned in the top left corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the top right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	left	1
1 W is lower left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting at the top position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	below	1
1 O and L are horizontal and O is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	right	1
1 B is to the top of L vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower left position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	right	1
1 B is placed at the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 F is below A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the bottom left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the top-left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	right	1
1 T is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower left position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 A is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	above	1
1 The objects A and F are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 T is sitting at the lower right position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is above A at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	right	1
1 E is sitting at the upper left position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 H and I are horizontal and H is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	right	1
1 The objects E and B are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 E presents over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	below	1
1 E is placed at the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the right and P is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	left	1
1 X and F are side by side with X to the left and F to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	right	1
1 M and N are parallel, and M is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is at Q's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	left	1
1 J is on the right side and top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	right	1
1 P is sitting in the left direction of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q is placed at the bottom of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 T is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	above	1
1 R is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 N is above B and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the bottom-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 X and W are parallel, and W is below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	above	1
1 J is at the lower side of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is on the right and D is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	right	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the top right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 H is over there and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 U is above A at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the left side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 A is above Y at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 S is below W and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	right	1
1 X is positioned below M and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 C is at the bottom and B is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	below	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 J is over there and H is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	left	1
1 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	below	1
1 N and Y are both there with the object N is to the left of object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Q is above O at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	below	1
1 K is to the top-left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 B presents upper right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V is over there and T is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 A and B are horizontal and A is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	left	1
1 P is below A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	left	1
1 U is north east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 N is diagonally left and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Y is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	above	1
1 N is at the bottom of J vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	below	1
1 J is positioned below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	above	1
1 S is directly south east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower right position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Object M is below object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 R is diagonally left and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at the lower side of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	above	1
1 V is positioned below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	above	1
1 W is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the right and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	right	1
1 T is at J's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	below	1
1 F is upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting in the right direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object J and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the upper right position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 F is over there and T is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	left	1
1 N is placed at the lower left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 L is diagonally left and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 V is above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	below	1
1 M is on the left side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	right	1
1 I is to the bottom-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	left	1
1 Z is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B is at the bottom of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	above	1
1 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 B and V are parallel, and B on the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	right	1
1 Y is above and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G and B are next to each other with G on the left and B on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	right	1
1 P is to the bottom left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 W is below K at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned down and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 C is below K at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 M and A are side by side with A at the bottom and M on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 E is positioned above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	below	1
1 Q is over there with B below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	above	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 O presents upper left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 B and F are horizontal and B is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object I is positioned directly above the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	above	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting at the lower right position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned down and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 R is directly above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 F is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 A is below S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 R and E are parallel, and R is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is on top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	below	1
1 M is positioned right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	left	1
1 O is over there and A is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 Q is placed in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	right	1
1 R is positioned down and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Q is north west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 T is below O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	below	1
1 J and W are both there with the object J above the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	below	1
1 E is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	left	1
1 L is positioned in the front right corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 O and W are next to each other with W on the right and O on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	left	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 U is directly south east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the right side and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object P and D are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	above	1
1 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	right	1
1 H is to the top right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 R is directly north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 J is above Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object C and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 N is north west of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 K presents upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the upper left position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 X is at V's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	above	1
1 L is on the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Q is positioned down and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the top side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	above	1
1 T is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M is north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 X is placed on the top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	above	1
1 P is at V's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	below	1
1 Q is to the bottom right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L is at S's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	above	1
1 S is above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	above	1
1 L is over there and E is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	right	1
1 Z is positioned in the top left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Z and C are parallel, and Z on the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	left	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 X is sitting at the lower position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	below	1
1 Q and L are both there with the object Q above the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	above	1
1 U is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting at the lower position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	above	1
1 I is positioned above N and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	right	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 M presents lower right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	below	1
1 B and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom B on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	below	1
1 D is over there with S below.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	below	1
1 F is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	left	1
1 H is positioned above and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	right	1
1 T is over there and E is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	above	1
1 Z and R are side by side with R at the bottom and Z on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	below	1
1 P is over there and A is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 X is over there and M is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	below	1
1 R is on the upper right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the right and A is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	left	1
1 Z is below and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 H and M are parallel, and H is over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	above	1
1 I is diagonally right and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 X is directly north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 A is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned above H and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the bottom right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L is north east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 D is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object J is positioned directly above the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	below	1
1 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	above	1
1 O is above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	above	1
1 H and U are in a vertical line with H on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 V is north west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is to the bottom-left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Y is below R at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 W presents over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	below	1
1 P and J are parallel, and P is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 B is sitting at the lower position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	above	1
1 D and B are parallel, and D is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	below	1
1 N is at U's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 P and Q are next to each other with P on the left and Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	right	1
1 I is sitting at the top position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	below	1
1 T is placed at the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the top side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	above	1
1 H is at the bottom and M is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	above	1
1 N presents right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	left	1
1 Y and D are parallel, and Y on the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	left	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower left position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Z and R are side by side with Z to the right and R to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is directly south west of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 J is upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the top right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	below	1
1 The objects M and J are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Y presents below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	below	1
1 I is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 X is placed at the upper right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 P is at the lower side of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K is above X and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned below X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 U and D are next to each other with U on the left and D on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	left	1
1 Y is above and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 N and H are next to each other with N on the left and H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	right	1
1 R and X are parallel, and R on the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	right	1
1 Y is over there and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	left	1
1 U is diagonally right and above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the left of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	left	1
1 Z is to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 A is to the top right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 H is at the lower side of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	above	1
1 T is to the bottom-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 X and U are vertical and X is below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	below	1
1 J is north west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L and C are side by side with L to the left and C to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	left	1
1 G is placed at the lower left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 E is over there and Z is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	above	1
1 P and U are horizontal and P is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	left	1
1 D is below T and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The objects E and J are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 O and J are side by side with O to the left and J to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	left	1
1 W is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	left	1
1 U is over there and G is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	left	1
1 J is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	above	1
1 M is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 N is diagonally right and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 H is above L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	above	1
1 Z is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	below	1
1 K is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 D and M are in a vertical line with M below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the upper left position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 G is placed on the top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	below	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	below	1
1 U is positioned below X and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 N is above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	above	1
1 B is diagonally right and above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 H is directly south east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 D and K are both there with the object K below the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	above	1
1 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	right	1
1 N is to the top-right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 G and R are side by side with G on the top and R at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object V is positioned directly below the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	above	1
1 B is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 K and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and K on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	left	1
1 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	above	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 A is above C and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	left	1
1 G and K are side by side with G to the right and K to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	left	1
1 Z and F are next to each other with F at the bottom Z on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	above	1
1 U is placed in the left direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 U is diagonally right and above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 F is diagonally right and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	left	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	left	1
1 X is at R's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	below	1
1 J is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	left	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, F is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 T is at W's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	below	1
1 C is placed in the right direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	right	1
1 O and I are parallel, and O on the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	right	1
1 O is on the right and C is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	right	1
1 O is on the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 W is upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 L is above S at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q and G are parallel, and Q on the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	right	1
1 R is upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally left and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the left and G is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	right	1
1 W is on the right side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	right	1
1 V is over there with R below.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 F is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object L is positioned directly below the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 C is diagonally right and above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 I is directly north west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	right	1
1 X is over there and I is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	above	1
1 S is over there with Z above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	above	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 O is above and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Z is under H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	below	1
1 X is at the bottom of C vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	below	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 P and B are side by side with B at the bottom and P on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 V is directly below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	below	1
1 W is diagonally right and above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 H is placed in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	right	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 N is north west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 D is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 E and T are parallel, and E is under T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	above	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 G and B are both there with the object G is to the right of object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 B is positioned right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	right	1
1 R presents upper right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 O is below X at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 N is placed at the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the right side and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 H is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned above and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 U and J are horizontal and U is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	right	1
1 O is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the bottom right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 A is above Y at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 B and M are horizontal and B is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	left	1
1 O is south west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	right	1
1 G and R are parallel, and G is on top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	above	1
1 F is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	left	1
1 G is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 W is north east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	right	1
1 U and W are both there with the object U above the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	above	1
1 K presents right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	right	1
1 V is on the left side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	left	1
1 E is diagonally right and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 J is lower left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 D is over there and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	left	1
1 S is directly south west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 F is under V.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	below	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	above	1
1 N is positioned below and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 H is above L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	below	1
1 Y is over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	below	1
1 C is on the right side and top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 C is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally left and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 V is below O and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 T is below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 C is below Q at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object M is positioned directly below the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 R is over there and P is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	left	1
1 T is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the lower right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned below T and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 O is below and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 L is below and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the left side and above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the left side to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	left	1
1 C is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	right	1
1 J is positioned below U and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned above and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 M is upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The objects N and U are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally left and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the left side and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the left of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 K and Z are both there with the object K above the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	below	1
1 S and J are horizontal and S is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	left	1
1 K is on the right side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	left	1
1 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	left	1
1 E is north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Z is diagonally right and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 H and P are next to each other with P at the bottom H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	below	1
1 Object W is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 V and X are in a vertical line with X below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	above	1
1 Z is positioned in the front right corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	right	1
1 X presents over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 S is positioned down and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 X is directly above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	above	1
1 S is positioned above H and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the top side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	above	1
1 E is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 U is to the right of V horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	left	1
1 F is over there and Z is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 K is over there and L is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	right	1
1 U is positioned above V and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 A presents lower right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 L is placed in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	left	1
1 K is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Y is upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 S is at the bottom of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	below	1
1 Y is below A and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	right	1
1 B is below M and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 R is on top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 T is diagonally right and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 E and D are parallel, and E on the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	right	1
1 U is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 L is over there and U is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 U is lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	above	1
1 A is over there and F is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	above	1
1 V is above K at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 G is above W and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J and D are parallel, and J is under D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	above	1
1 F and D are both there with the object D below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	above	1
1 Z is directly below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	below	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 H and U are parallel, and H is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	left	1
1 K is over there with R above.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	above	1
1 O and D are side by side with O to the left and D to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	left	1
1 G is directly below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	below	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	right	1
1 R presents over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the top position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	below	1
1 H is upper right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	above	1
1 Y is positioned right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	right	1
1 P is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	below	1
1 X is sitting at the upper left position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the bottom-right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 X is above and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 X and V are both there with the object X is to the right of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	left	1
1 Object N is below object F and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 R is to the bottom left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned above V and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	left	1
1 U is positioned below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	above	1
1 B presents upper left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 E is to the bottom right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 D is under K.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 Object W is above object L and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 I is placed on the top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	below	1
1 R is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 R is placed at the bottom of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	above	1
1 N is on the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	below	1
1 F is above J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	below	1
1 O is to the bottom right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the left of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	right	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the lower left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Object G is below object M and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned below and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 E and P are side by side with E to the right and P to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 A is positioned left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object O and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 D is above U and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the right side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	left	1
1 M is over there and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	right	1
1 N is over there and Y is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 T is on the lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	below	1
1 P and T are side by side with P to the left and T to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	right	1
1 J is diagonally left and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 O is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 R is above and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 B is directly north east of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 X presents upper left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object X is positioned directly below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 U is above V at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 J is diagonally left and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object B and C are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 D and C are vertical and D is above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	above	1
1 A is over there and B is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	left	1
1 Q is under D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	below	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 L and S are horizontal and L is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 I is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	left	1
1 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	below	1
1 P is south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 N and G are parallel, and N is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	below	1
1 B is diagonally left and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Q is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 N and T are next to each other with T at the bottom N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	above	1
1 T and C are both there with the object T is to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	left	1
1 F is diagonally right and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Y is directly south east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 F is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 A and I are parallel, and A on the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	right	1
1 H and A are vertical and H is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 O is lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 D is below S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned in the front right corner of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 R is on the top and G is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	below	1
1 G is to the top-left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the bottom-left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Z is directly north east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 I is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 R presents upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 O and Q are horizontal and O is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	right	1
1 N and C are next to each other with N on the top and C at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object Q is positioned directly below the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	above	1
1 K is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Y presents over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	above	1
1 E is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 S is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	right	1
1 U is over there with E above.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	below	1
1 V is placed in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	left	1
1 S is north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the bottom of G vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 E is to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there with Z above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	above	1
1 O is over there and N is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	left	1
1 M is at the bottom of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	above	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 V is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	below	1
1 G is over there and X is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	left	1
1 E is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	above	1
1 R is diagonally right and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 D is directly below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	above	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is sitting at the lower right position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there with D above.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	right	1
1 B presents lower right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 M is directly south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 J and U are side by side with J on the top and U at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	below	1
1 L is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 P is to the bottom-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	above	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the right and D is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	left	1
1 F is below N at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 I is at V's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	above	1
1 H is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 I presents below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	above	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The objects F and S are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 K is placed on the top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	above	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Object H is below object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned above W and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The objects P and B are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the left and Y is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	left	1
1 A and F are in a horizontal line with F on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	left	1
1 Z is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there with C below.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 M is on the right and B is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the lower right position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P presents lower right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 N and W are side by side with W at the bottom and N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	above	1
1 F is over there and V is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 J is over there and P is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally right and above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 D is at the bottom of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	above	1
1 G is on the lower right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned above K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 T is above J at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 N is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	below	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 H and Y are both there with the object Y below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	above	1
1 P is above V and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 W is north west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Q is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned below E and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	above	1
1 H and C are horizontal and H is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	left	1
1 G is at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 G is to the top-left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 R and B are next to each other with B at the bottom R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	above	1
1 P is on the right side and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the left and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	right	1
1 D is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 A is placed in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	right	1
1 M is positioned above W and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	left	1
1 X is on the top side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	below	1
1 Z is positioned below W and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	right	1
1 T is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Object X is below object D and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 H is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	left	1
1 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	right	1
1 U is on the left and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	left	1
1 W is above O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	below	1
1 F is above and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the left and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	right	1
1 C is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 D is below Y and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the top-right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at the lower side of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	above	1
1 G presents below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	above	1
1 Q is south east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 O is at C's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	above	1
1 X is directly south west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 E is placed at the lower left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 T is placed at the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 S is directly north west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 I is placed in the left direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	right	1
1 L and R are parallel, and L on the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 C is over there and X is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	left	1
1 V is diagonally left and above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 N is north east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 O is sitting in the right direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	right	1
1 V is positioned above and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the top right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 J is directly north west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 N and D are vertical and N is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	below	1
1 D is over there with M above.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	above	1
1 O is below W and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 N is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	below	1
1 U is to the right of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	right	1
1 Object U is below object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 R is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 H and Q are both there with the object H is to the right of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	right	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Object E is below object M and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally right and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 D and E are side by side with E at the bottom and D on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	above	1
1 C is on the left side of and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 P is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Z is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the bottom and B is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	below	1
1 Q is on the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	right	1
1 O is on the left and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	right	1
1 P is positioned below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	above	1
1 N is positioned right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	left	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	below	1
1 H is on the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the top-right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 D is placed at the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is below G and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	above	1
1 A is above O at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the left and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	right	1
1 F is over there and N is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	below	1
1 The objects D and R are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The objects P and U are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 F is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 M and C are parallel, and M is under C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 R is above P at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the left of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	left	1
1 H is on the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 A and U are side by side with A to the left and U to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	left	1
1 K is over there and U is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	right	1
1 P is directly below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	below	1
1 Q is positioned above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	below	1
1 N is above D at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 F and H are next to each other with F on the left and H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	left	1
1 G is positioned above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	above	1
1 A is directly north east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	below	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	above	1
1 P and F are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	right	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	right	1
1 C and R are parallel, and R is below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	below	1
1 Y and V are in a vertical line with V below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K and R are horizontal and K is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	right	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the left side and above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 L is at Ms 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	left	1
1 A and Q are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	right	1
1 D and X are next to each other with D on the top and X at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	below	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 B is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	above	1
1 H is below and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the left side of and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Y is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the left side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	right	1
1 Z is north west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the right side to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	right	1
1 A and H are parallel, and A is on top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 C and G are in a vertical line with G below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	above	1
1 K is positioned below H and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 U is placed on the top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	below	1
1 I is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	right	1
1 N is below L and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned above J and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 O is over there and D is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	above	1
1 L is north east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 U and I are vertical and U is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 P is diagonally right and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 K is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object O and I are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Z is directly north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 N is above and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 K is lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 T and D are next to each other with T on the left and D on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object G and R are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Z and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G is below M at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	left	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the top right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 M and D are side by side with D at the bottom and M on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	below	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there and H is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	below	1
1 S is below and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object J is positioned directly above the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	below	1
1 C is over there and L is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	above	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 I is sitting at the upper right position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 M presents below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 G and H are next to each other with G on the left and H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	left	1
1 T is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 J and P are next to each other with J on the left and P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	right	1
1 K is above and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 P is below Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	above	1
1 A is directly above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	above	1
1 B is placed at the lower right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The objects U and C are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 P is placed on the top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	above	1
1 I is above C at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C is above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 D and W are vertical and D is above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	below	1
1 G and O are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	right	1
1 S and P are parallel, and S is to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	right	1
1 A is under I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 I is lower left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally left and above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 C is placed at the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 A is at Ts 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	left	1
1 V is below E at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 P and V are parallel, and P on the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	left	1
1 N and W are side by side with N to the right and W to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	right	1
1 T and O are parallel, and T is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	left	1
1 C is sitting in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	left	1
1 T is below and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the upper left position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 L is diagonally left and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 P is on the left side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 N is diagonally right and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 J is at C's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	above	1
1 H is below and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 A presents over X.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	above	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	left	1
1 V is sitting in the right direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	right	1
1 K and R are next to each other with R on the right and K on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	right	1
1 B is at N's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	below	1
1 V is positioned in the front right corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 O is lower left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 F is directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	above	1
1 N is diagonally left and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom-right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the left of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	left	1
1 L is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the bottom-left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally right and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 W and E are parallel, and E is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is positioned right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 S and T are vertical and S is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	above	1
1 A is south east of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 X is positioned above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 J is at T's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	left	1
1 F is placed at the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the upper right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 O is above B and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	above	1
1 F is diagonally left and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 P is below M at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 B is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	above	1
1 R is on the left side of and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 U and S are parallel, and U is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	left	1
1 H presents over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	above	1
1 V is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the upper right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 I is above Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	above	1
1 C is south west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 S is directly north east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 R and G are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	left	1
1 U is over there and D is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	above	1
1 I is north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 F is over there and K is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object P and Z are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 I presents left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	right	1
1 U is over there with L below.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	below	1
1 C is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 G is above T at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the right and A is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 S is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	right	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	below	1
1 Object B is below object D and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	below	1
1 O is above V and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 P is at N's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	above	1
1 P is positioned above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	above	1
1 T and K are side by side with K at the bottom and T on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	above	1
1 R is positioned up and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	left	1
1 N is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the top-left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the right side and top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned below and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 O is over there and E is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	left	1
1 Z and D are both there with the object D below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	below	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 M presents upper right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed at the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 L and X are horizontal and L is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	right	1
1 G is positioned up and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 N is at F's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 I is to the bottom right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	right	1
1 K is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 M is above J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	below	1
1 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	below	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly above the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	above	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the top of F vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	below	1
1 H is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object P and V are there. The object V is above and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	below	1
1 O is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 U and S are parallel, and U on the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	left	1
1 O is positioned below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	above	1
1 E is to the top-left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the top and R is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	below	1
1 N is to the top-right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the upper right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	right	1
1 G is above X at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 A is above K and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 E is at the bottom of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	above	1
1 Y is over there and M is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	above	1
1 I is on the right side and top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	below	1
1 I is below J and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 C presents upper left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Z is placed at the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q and C are both there with the object Q is to the right of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 H is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned up and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 I is on top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	above	1
1 The object N and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Z is below B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 M is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	right	1
1 X is to the bottom-right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the top right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 B is at the bottom and A is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	below	1
1 K and O are in a vertical line with K on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	above	1
1 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 A is at the bottom and F is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	below	1
1 O is on the right side and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 O presents left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	right	1
1 F is positioned below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 G is positioned right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	left	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 A is over there and G is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 E and J are next to each other with E on the top and J at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	below	1
1 H is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is over there and W is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	right	1
1 J and K are vertical and J is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	below	1
1 J is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	left	1
1 N is placed at the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the bottom right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Object M is below object C and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 H is over there and N is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	right	1
1 U is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Q and N are vertical and Q is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	above	1
1 I and G are both there with the object G below the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	above	1
1 G is below O at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	right	1
1 Z is to the top-right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R is upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Object P is below object K and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed at the lower left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 R is above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	above	1
1 S and C are side by side with C at the bottom and S on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 O is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	left	1
1 T is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 V is directly south east of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 O and Q are in a vertical line with Q below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	below	1
1 R is below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is south east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 I is on top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	above	1
1 H is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	left	1
1 K is directly north west of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 A is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 F is at G's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	above	1
1 L and J are both there with the object L above the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	above	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Z is directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	above	1
1 O is below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	below	1
1 K is sitting in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	left	1
1 Q and F are horizontal and Q is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	left	1
1 Z is directly above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	below	1
1 N is at V's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	left	1
1 G is on the left and W is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	left	1
1 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Y is lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P is directly below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	above	1
1 L is over there and M is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	above	1
1 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the left side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	right	1
1 P and Z are parallel, and P is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	below	1
1 G is directly south east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the left side and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 K is over there and B is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	above	1
1 V is below and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M is below U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 M is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	left	1
1 H is on the right and F is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	left	1
1 E is at the lower side of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q is on the lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 B is north east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed in the left direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	right	1
1 H is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the top right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 P is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	above	1
1 T is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	right	1
1 V is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the lower left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned below B and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 V is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there with Z above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	above	1
1 S is on the left and C is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	left	1
1 R is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Object V is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 D is below F and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	left	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the bottom-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Y is above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	above	1
1 L is above W at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 F is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly above the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	below	1
1 U is to the bottom left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	right	1
1 O and S are side by side with S at the bottom and O on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 T is positioned down and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the top right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	right	1
1 I is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	right	1
1 Q and G are next to each other with G on the right and Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	left	1
1 C and K are both there with the object K below the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	below	1
1 W and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	right	1
1 C is over there and P is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	right	1
1 V is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Z and M are both there with the object Z is to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	left	1
1 S and W are parallel, and S is on top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	above	1
1 I is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	below	1
1 D and V are parallel, and D is on top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	above	1
1 W and X are both there with the object W above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	below	1
1 L is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the bottom right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	right	1
1 J is to the bottom-left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned above P and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the right of J horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	right	1
1 H is placed in the left direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	left	1
1 The object E is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower right position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	below	1
1 R and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	right	1
1 L is positioned in the top left corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the left side to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 B is directly below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	above	1
1 E is above K at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 R is placed in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	left	1
1 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	above	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 A is above C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	above	1
1 W is on the right and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	left	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the left of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object G is positioned directly below the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	below	1
1 F is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 M is positioned down and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	above	1
1 L is over there and W is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	right	1
1 A is over there and H is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 E is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	left	1
1 I is north east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 C is placed at the bottom of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	below	1
1 N is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	right	1
1 Z is to the top right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 E and S are vertical and E is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 R presents upper left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 E is at the bottom of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	below	1
1 A is at the bottom and H is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	above	1
1 I and E are parallel, and I is under E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	above	1
1 Object S is above object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there and V is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	below	1
1 P is on the left side to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	right	1
1 U is to the top-right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the top and A is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	below	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	below	1
1 E and L are side by side with E to the left and L to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	right	1
1 Y presents over T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	below	1
1 L and C are next to each other with L on the top and C at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	right	1
1 Z is to the left of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 D is below V at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the left of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	right	1
1 O is positioned down and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 B is placed at the bottom of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	above	1
1 U is to the bottom-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned below K and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 H and G are side by side with G at the bottom and H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	below	1
1 H is over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	above	1
1 P is to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L is upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the top side to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	below	1
1 H is below L at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the bottom-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 I is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	left	1
1 P presents upper left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the left and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	left	1
1 T and U are parallel, and T on the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 Z is positioned up and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 N and X are in a vertical line with X below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	above	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Q is below G at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 I is over there and Q is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	below	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	below	1
1 L is positioned above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	below	1
1 V is placed on the top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	below	1
1 A is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	below	1
1 U is at Ws 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	left	1
1 U and M are horizontal and U is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	left	1
1 F is over there and C is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	left	1
1 I is below and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed at the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the bottom right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 F is placed at the bottom of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	above	1
1 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	above	1
1 Z is positioned right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	left	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 E is over there and P is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	right	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	right	1
1 F is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 B is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 L is placed at the lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 E is above T and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting in the left direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	left	1
1 Z is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 F is above K at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the right side and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 B presents upper left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned below J and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 V is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 C and U are both there with the object U below the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 E and L are side by side with E to the right and L to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	right	1
1 B presents lower left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the left and T is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	left	1
1 E is over there and R is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	above	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	below	1
1 G is over there and O is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	below	1
1 W is north west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom E on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 C is on the left and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 N is diagonally right and above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	left	1
1 S and M are vertical and S is below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	above	1
1 X is lower left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned above Z and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 C is sitting at the lower right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 V is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 E is sitting at the top position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 U is placed at the lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 W is below and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Q is diagonally right and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the bottom left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 D and C are next to each other with C on the right and D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	right	1
1 S is to the top right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	left	1
1 F is placed at the lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the bottom right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned in the front right corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	right	1
1 J is lower left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M and G are next to each other with M on the left and G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	right	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	above	1
1 K is below S at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 U is placed in the left direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	right	1
1 Y is positioned in the top left corner of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the top-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	left	1
1 A is at S's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	right	1
1 L is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	left	1
1 L is at the lower side of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	above	1
1 Y and E are side by side with Y to the right and E to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 E is to the top right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned in the lower right corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 F is over there and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 I is lower left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 T is at O's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	below	1
1 I is on the top and R is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	above	1
1 P and U are both there with the object P is to the right of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	right	1
1 A is positioned below U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	left	1
1 O is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 D and Z are parallel, and D on the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	right	1
1 I is placed in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	left	1
1 C and H are in a vertical line with H below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	above	1
1 C is sitting at the top position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	above	1
1 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 T is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 J is placed at the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 J is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	right	1
1 V is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	above	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 R is positioned down and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 V is at Rs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object W and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	above	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object O and B are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 X and M are both there with the object X is to the right of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 D is on the right side and top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 L and M are both there with the object L above the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	below	1
1 S is upper right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 H is below and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	left	1
1 Z presents lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	left	1
1 V is positioned above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	above	1
1 K is positioned up and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally left and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 C and B are side by side with B at the bottom and C on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	above	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 J is placed at the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	left	1
1 Z and U are horizontal and Z is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	right	1
1 E is above and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 B is above W and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally right and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 V is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 N is at the bottom and R is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	above	1
1 N and L are next to each other with L on the right and N on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	right	1
1 W is on top of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	above	1
1 F is positioned below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	above	1
1 U is positioned above T and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 A is over there and G is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	left	1
1 U is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is diagonally right and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object R is positioned directly above the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	below	1
1 V is positioned in the top left corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 X and K are parallel, and X is on top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	above	1
1 L is on top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	above	1
1 B is positioned left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	left	1
1 K is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	above	1
1 U is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	below	1
1 L is directly north east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 I is sitting in the left direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 L is diagonally right and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 U is at the bottom of C vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	above	1
1 N is over there and Z is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 W and B are next to each other with B at the bottom W on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	below	1
1 X is positioned above and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	left	1
1 O is at the lower side of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	below	1
1 Z is placed at the bottom of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	above	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 T is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 S is south east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 A presents left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	left	1
1 G is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	right	1
1 W is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	above	1
1 X and P are horizontal and X is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	left	1
1 T is north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the upper left position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 O is placed in the left direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	right	1
1 X and F are parallel, and X is under F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	above	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	left	1
1 G is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 K and H are side by side with K to the right and H to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	left	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	below	1
1 J presents below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	above	1
1 F presents upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 H is over there and B is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	above	1
1 W is placed on the top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	right	1
1 J is above M at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the top side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 X is on top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	above	1
1 R is placed at the upper right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the top and L is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	above	1
1 Y is at Q's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	left	1
1 B is diagonally left and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object A is positioned directly below the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	above	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	left	1
1 H is over there and J is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	below	1
1 U is below and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y is over there and M is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	left	1
1 P and Y are parallel, and P on the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Q is over there with X below.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Z presents lower right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 D and K are vertical and D is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	above	1
1 U presents below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	above	1
1 M is on the top side to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	below	1
1 Object E is above object J and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the bottom right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Object V is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 I is upper right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 T is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	right	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	left	1
1 Y and K are parallel, and Y on the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 M is below V and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and Q is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	right	1
1 R is over there and Q is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	left	1
1 I is sitting at the lower position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	above	1
1 W is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 J is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned down and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 O is below F at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 R presents left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	left	1
1 V is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 U is over there with E above.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 D is directly south west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the left and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 B is below and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned in the front right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 R is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 A is at C's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	below	1
1 J is over there and K is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	right	1
1 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 C is below Q at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 G is below V at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 R is north east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 V is at K's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	above	1
1 Y is over there and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	left	1
1 G is diagonally right and above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	below	1
1 Y is over there and G is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	below	1
1 F and U are side by side with F on the top and U at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 D is to the top-right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 J and A are next to each other with A at the bottom J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is diagonally right and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 R and M are both there with the object R is to the right of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	left	1
1 O is below X and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	below	1
1 W and H are parallel, and W is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	left	1
1 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 U and L are parallel, and U is on top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	below	1
1 N is to the bottom-left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 C is over there and O is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the left of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 S is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 H is above A at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned above and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 M is below U and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 L and J are both there with the object L is to the right of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 O is directly south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 A is sitting in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	left	1
1 F is sitting at the upper right position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the right side to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	left	1
1 A is over there and L is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 Q is at Xs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	left	1
1 R is diagonally right and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 X is below T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	above	1
1 Y is at X's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	below	1
1 U is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 R is placed on the top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	above	1
1 S is upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 V and I are parallel, and V is on top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	above	1
1 Q presents upper right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 D is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned in the lower right corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 N is at B's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	right	1
1 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	left	1
1 T and D are in a vertical line with D below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	above	1
1 O is below S at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 K presents over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	above	1
1 A is on the top and X is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	below	1
1 K is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 C and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	left	1
1 X presents right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	left	1
1 L is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	above	1
1 C is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 P and X are in a vertical line with X below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	above	1
1 J is diagonally left and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 O is directly below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	below	1
1 C is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 P is lower left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 T is below M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	above	1
1 P is over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Y is north west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 B and D are parallel, and B is under D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object G and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 G is below L at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 E and J are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	right	1
1 K is positioned left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the right of P horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 P and T are both there with the object T below the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 D is sitting at the upper right position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the top-right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the bottom-right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object E and H are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L is directly south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	below	1
1 M is to the top right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 I is directly north west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Y is below Q at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 A and Y are parallel, and A is on top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	below	1
1 B is south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 X is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	left	1
1 I is lower left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned above W and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 T is lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 M and N are next to each other with N on the right and M on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	right	1
1 E is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	below	1
1 F is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the top position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	above	1
1 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 H is upper right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the top of S vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	above	1
1 V and H are side by side with H at the bottom and V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	below	1
1 Object N is below object L and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	right	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	below	1
1 N and K are next to each other with N on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	below	1
1 O presents over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	above	1
1 W and M are next to each other with M at the bottom W on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	above	1
1 V is above M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 I is placed at the upper right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 D is placed in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	right	1
1 O is below J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 W is below N and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Q is below and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	above	1
1 E is diagonally right and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 A is south east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 J is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	above	1
1 O and N are in a vertical line with N below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 F is positioned above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	below	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 P and U are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	right	1
1 V is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M and Q are side by side with M to the left and Q to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	right	1
1 W is sitting in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	left	1
1 V and F are vertical and V is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 L is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 E and D are parallel, and E is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	above	1
1 Q is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	left	1
1 L is upper right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 T is placed in the left direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	right	1
1 T is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	below	1
1 C is to the top-left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 C and A are next to each other with C on the left and A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	right	1
1 D and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and D on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	above	1
1 A is placed on the top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	below	1
1 F is above and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the right side and below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 S and L are parallel, and S is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	right	1
1 O and R are next to each other with R on the right and O on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	right	1
1 U is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the right side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	right	1
1 W is on the left side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	right	1
1 E is at A's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is directly north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	above	1
1 I is directly north east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned down and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	right	1
1 P is placed at the lower left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and X is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	below	1
1 Z is below Q at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned below P and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The objects G and K are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 S is over there and W is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	left	1
1 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	left	1
1 R is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	right	1
1 D is sitting in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	left	1
1 G is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	below	1
1 T is on the lower left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Z is above D at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the right side and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 G is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 S is sitting in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	left	1
1 L is diagonally left and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at W's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 W and T are in a vertical line with T below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	above	1
1 E is above L and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 X presents upper left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the bottom-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I presents right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	right	1
1 P is below S at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 N and Y are parallel, and N on the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 B presents lower left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 A is at Y's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	below	1
1 F is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	right	1
1 M is over there with A below.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	below	1
1 N is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	right	1
1 S is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	left	1
1 O is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the top-right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 J and G are next to each other with J on the left and G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	right	1
1 G is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the left of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	right	1
1 E and F are side by side with E to the left and F to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	right	1
1 Z is above J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is to the right of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	left	1
1 Q is placed at the bottom of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F and I are parallel, and F is over I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	above	1
1 G and N are parallel, and G is over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	above	1
1 The object Z and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 X and C are vertical and X is above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	below	1
1 Object V is below object X and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 N is placed at the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 D is over there and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	right	1
1 L and J are parallel, and L is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	left	1
1 P is sitting at the lower position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	above	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	right	1
1 P is diagonally right and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The objects J and Q are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 E is on top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	below	1
1 E is positioned below H and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the lower left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 X is over there and P is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 V is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 R is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the top and E is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	below	1
1 C is directly south west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 O and U are side by side with O to the left and U to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	right	1
1 I is directly south west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 U is north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	right	1
1 T and K are parallel, and T is over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	below	1
1 N is positioned below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	above	1
1 H is on the left and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	left	1
1 K is over there and N is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	below	1
1 F and K are horizontal and F is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	right	1
1 S is below B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	above	1
1 Object A is above object V and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 X is directly north east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned down and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 M is at H's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	right	1
1 M and J are parallel, and M is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	left	1
1 P is above and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 P and N are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	right	1
1 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	above	1
1 T is below S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	above	1
1 G is on top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	above	1
1 V and L are vertical and V is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	below	1
1 O is positioned above X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 G and Z are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 J is over there and Y is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	below	1
1 K and V are horizontal and K is to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 M is positioned above J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Object V is below object K and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 F is directly north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 R is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	right	1
1 Y and N are side by side with N at the bottom and Y on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 C is at Y's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	above	1
1 D is diagonally left and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 L is at the bottom of E vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	below	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	below	1
1 L is on the right and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	left	1
1 The objects L and V are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 J is below U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	below	1
1 R is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	left	1
1 P and I are horizontal and P is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	right	1
1 O is to the bottom-left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 X is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 C and Y are parallel, and C is over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	below	1
1 D is on the right side and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 V and H are horizontal and V is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 D is to the bottom right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there and E is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally right and above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Q and O are next to each other with O at the bottom Q on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object E and G are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 G and D are side by side with G to the right and D to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	right	1
1 Z is sitting at the top position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	below	1
1 F is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the upper right position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents upper left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	below	1
1 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	right	1
1 Z and F are parallel, and Z is on top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 J is positioned below D and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 E is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	right	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting at the lower position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	above	1
1 P is diagonally left and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 J and X are parallel, and J is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	below	1
1 V is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 O is at the lower side of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	above	1
1 J is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	right	1
1 G is placed at the bottom of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	above	1
1 J is diagonally right and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 N is directly south east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the top right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 T is directly south west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 I and W are side by side with I to the left and W to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	right	1
1 L is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	left	1
1 U presents upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	right	1
1 P is on the lower left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Y is above S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 H is over there and C is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	below	1
1 P is to the right of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	right	1
1 P is diagonally right and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the left of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 R is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	below	1
1 Q is directly below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	below	1
1 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 E is above O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	below	1
1 L is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Y and J are parallel, and Y is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	above	1
1 Y presents left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	left	1
1 Z is to the bottom-right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z presents over V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 E is to the bottom-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 J presents lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the right side and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The object E is positioned directly above the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	below	1
1 X is on the top side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	below	1
1 F is sitting at the lower right position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 C and Z are vertical and C is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	above	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 R is at Os 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object I and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	above	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	right	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	above	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P is placed in the left direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	right	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	above	1
1 R is at F's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	above	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 A is below P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object C is positioned directly below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned below U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 X is at Os 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	left	1
1 Q and N are horizontal and Q is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	left	1
1 K and V are next to each other with K on the left and V on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	right	1
1 B is positioned right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	right	1
1 U is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	right	1
1 P is positioned below D and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned above X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 X is directly north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	left	1
1 A is sitting at the lower position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	below	1
1 A is to the top of Y vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Object M is below object P and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	below	1
1 L is placed in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	left	1
1 T and U are next to each other with T on the top and U at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	below	1
1 D is on the right side and top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the top of C vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	above	1
1 G is below and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 L is north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	right	1
1 A is above and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 I is upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 F is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, D is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 S is over there and N is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	right	1
1 H and U are side by side with H to the right and U to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	left	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 O is directly north east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 O and X are parallel, and O is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	below	1
1 Y is sitting in the left direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	left	1
1 X is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	right	1
1 A is placed in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	right	1
1 C is positioned below A and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	right	1
1 L and T are both there with the object T below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	above	1
1 Z is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the bottom-left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 M is above V at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 J and N are vertical and J is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	above	1
1 Q is placed in the left direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	right	1
1 T and N are next to each other with N on the right and T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	left	1
1 F and K are both there with the object F is to the left of object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 T is sitting at the lower position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	below	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 D is placed at the lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 C is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	below	1
1 I and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	right	1
1 O is on the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the top right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 N is over there and W is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	above	1
1 P is above and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Z presents lower right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 B and C are parallel, and B is over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	below	1
1 M and Q are both there with the object Q below the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	above	1
1 N is sitting at the upper right position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 D and X are side by side with X at the bottom and D on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 P is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	right	1
1 B is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	left	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting at the lower position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 K is over there and W is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	right	1
1 Z is over there and G is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	left	1
1 C is below B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	below	1
1 F and M are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	left	1
1 Z presents lower right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the top side to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	below	1
1 E is at L's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	above	1
1 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	above	1
1 D is directly north east of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and M is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	below	1
1 Z is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the top and I is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the right of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	left	1
1 B is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 F presents left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	right	1
1 H is below T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the left and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	left	1
1 V and P are horizontal and V is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	left	1
1 E is positioned down and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 L is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	right	1
1 O is over there and W is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	right	1
1 M is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the lower right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	above	1
1 Q is at W's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	right	1
1 I is positioned above W and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	right	1
1 W is at Ls 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	right	1
1 B is above and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 R is lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 T is directly north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	left	1
1 V and S are in a vertical line with V on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	above	1
1 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	left	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 E is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 X is over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 Z is placed in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 O is below U at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the left of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 F is sitting at the upper left position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 S and Y are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	right	1
1 E is to the right of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	left	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 X is below D and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 G is directly south east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 E and R are parallel, and E is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	right	1
1 Y is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 T and G are horizontal and T is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 L is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	right	1
1 X and O are side by side with X to the right and O to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	left	1
1 C is below Y at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	left	1
1 K and Z are next to each other with K on the left and Z on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	left	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	above	1
1 W is to the top right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 P presents lower right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 S is at the bottom and U is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	above	1
1 Object C is above object W and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the lower left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Object P is below object T and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned above and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 W is directly north east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 V is placed at the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Object G is below object F and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 W is directly north west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 S and G are parallel, and G is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 E is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 I is at V's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	right	1
1 C presents upper right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 V is placed at the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned below G and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 I and F are side by side with F at the bottom and I on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	above	1
1 F is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	right	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Q is over there with U below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	above	1
1 L is north west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S is below and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	below	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 J is over there and L is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	above	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K is above Y and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 G and O are parallel, and G on the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 Y is north west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	below	1
1 I and R are both there with the object I above the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object J is positioned directly above the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	below	1
1 N is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Q and A are both there with the object Q is to the right of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	right	1
1 X and G are next to each other with G on the right and X on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	right	1
1 W is to the top-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 O is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Object J is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 V is at the lower side of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	above	1
1 U is below B at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 F and S are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	right	1
1 F is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 U presents lower right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 The objects W and K are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 N is over there and G is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	left	1
1 Q is on the top side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	below	1
1 R and N are next to each other with R on the left and N on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	left	1
1 W and L are parallel, and W on the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	right	1
1 W is positioned above and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the bottom left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Object Q is above object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 The object U and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 N and S are side by side with S at the bottom and N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	above	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	right	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	left	1
1 P is on the top and D is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	above	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object I is positioned directly above the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 S is above D and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 F is placed in the right direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	right	1
1 N is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Y and H are next to each other with Y on the left and H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	left	1
1 K is positioned above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 C is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 O and Y are parallel, and O is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 V is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	below	1
1 D is above U and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the bottom right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the left side and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned below F and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 L is over there and U is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 P and J are side by side with P to the right and J to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	right	1
1 X is below A at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally right and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the bottom right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 B is below L at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 G is placed at the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 S is north east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	above	1
1 H is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 B is there and K is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 J is above W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	above	1
1 P is at B's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	right	1
1 W and D are next to each other with D on the right and W on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	right	1
1 V is directly above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	below	1
1 L is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Q is on the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 C is over there and G is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	right	1
1 I and Q are parallel, and I on the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Object Z is below object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 X is at F's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	below	1
1 B is over there with C below.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	below	1
1 C is positioned left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	right	1
1 Q is to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	right	1
1 N is positioned below F and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	right	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	above	1
1 N is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	above	1
1 K is below Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 J is upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the top side to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object D is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L is south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	above	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 I is above A and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 M presents upper left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 R is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	above	1
1 T is on the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	above	1
1 X and Y are horizontal and X is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	left	1
1 C and Z are both there with the object C is to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 M is positioned in the front right corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 H is upper right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Object M is above object R and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 X and H are side by side with X to the right and H to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	left	1
1 N is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned in the lower left corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 O and N are parallel, and N is below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	above	1
1 The object V and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 B is positioned below P and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally right and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 K presents left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	left	1
1 N is below K and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	left	1
1 Z is over there and J is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	left	1
1 Z presents lower right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the top right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 T is below N and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 W is directly south east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the bottom-right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	right	1
1 P is directly north west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the left side and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W and O are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	right	1
1 Q and S are in a vertical line with Q on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	above	1
1 L and E are next to each other with L on the top and E at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	above	1
1 I is at the bottom of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	below	1
1 M is positioned left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	right	1
1 F is on the top and H is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the left and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	right	1
1 O is to the right of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	right	1
1 Q is to the bottom left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 J is directly south west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the right side and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	below	1
1 P is positioned in the front right corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the top of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 M is on the lower left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 A is positioned below U and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 X is over L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	below	1
1 V is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 V and D are parallel, and V is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	left	1
1 X is positioned left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	above	1
1 R is above and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 X is positioned below V and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	above	1
1 F is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	left	1
1 U is sitting at the upper right position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 X is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	above	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 T is at the bottom of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 G is lower left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 X is above and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 L is directly above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	below	1
1 P and C are parallel, and C is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	above	1
1 N presents right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	right	1
1 I and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and I on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 M is diagonally left and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 J presents upper left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 K is above and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 T is over there and B is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	right	1
1 I is lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned above B and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned above K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 G is placed at the bottom of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	above	1
1 H is below A at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 B presents below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	above	1
1 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Z and I are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	left	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	right	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 F is above G and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 J is above A at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned above P and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 X is sitting in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	left	1
1 D is directly south west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 H is placed at the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 C presents below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	below	1
1 R is on the top and W is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	below	1
1 W is below and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object O and Y are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 W and F are both there with the object W is to the right of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	left	1
1 F is positioned below I and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 O is north west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 J and H are parallel, and J is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	right	1
1 A is positioned in the lower left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 F is placed at the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The objects X and B are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally left and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Object F is below object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 C is at Q's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is over there with G above.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the lower position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	above	1
1 Z is over there and X is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	below	1
1 R and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 G is at the bottom of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	above	1
1 N is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	left	1
1 H is positioned up and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 P presents upper left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Q is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 B is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 E is directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	above	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 E is over there and H is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 X is sitting at the upper right position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 B is placed at the lower left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is below object C and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Y is placed at the lower left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Q and P are side by side with Q on the top and P at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 K and N are both there with the object K is to the left of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	left	1
1 X and A are both there with the object X is to the right of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	left	1
1 P is over there and A is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	left	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Q is at the bottom and R is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	below	1
1 K is positioned right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	left	1
1 D and Y are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	right	1
1 O is to the top right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the top side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object E is positioned directly above the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	below	1
1 Y is south east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the left side and above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 A and I are parallel, and A is over I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	above	1
1 B is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	below	1
1 M presents upper left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 W is below Q and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 E is above and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	below	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	left	1
1 F is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	below	1
1 E is on the upper right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the right side and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned in the lower left corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 S is directly south east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 X presents right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	right	1
1 F is below and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 G and L are next to each other with L on the right and G on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	left	1
1 P is upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L is below X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	above	1
1 D and A are both there with the object D above the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	below	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is on the right and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	left	1
1 H is diagonally left and above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 L is south east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 The object W and H are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	left	1
1 G is above P at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 X is at L's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	above	1
1 K presents below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	below	1
1 I is on top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 X is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	below	1
1 D is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 X and E are in a vertical line with E below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	above	1
1 L and G are parallel, and L is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	left	1
1 K is on the left and X is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	left	1
1 J is positioned below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and F is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object I is positioned directly above the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	above	1
1 G is over there and X is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 F is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	left	1
1 Q is above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The objects A and G are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Y is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Z and T are horizontal and Z is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	left	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 U and B are parallel, and U is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	right	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is at the bottom and V is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	above	1
1 N is on the lower left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	above	1
1 Z presents right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 A is over there with T above.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	below	1
1 U is on the left side and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 L and A are side by side with L on the top and A at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	below	1
1 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	above	1
1 F is above W and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the top side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 M is on the right and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	right	1
1 W is on the top side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	below	1
1 N is at Bs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	right	1
1 Z is lower right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 M is north east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 T is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 A and P are vertical and A is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is over there and T is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	right	1
1 F is to the bottom right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 T is above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	above	1
1 A is on the left side to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	right	1
1 M is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 F is positioned below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	above	1
1 U and T are next to each other with T at the bottom U on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 F is below V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 R and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	above	1
1 P presents lower left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 O is directly north east of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 M and W are parallel, and M is over W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	above	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned above O and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	left	1
1 Y is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	right	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Object B is below object N and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	left	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 W is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	below	1
1 N is positioned below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	below	1
1 I is above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	below	1
1 L is above U at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 N and W are horizontal and N is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	left	1
1 I and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	right	1
1 L is to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 T is below and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L and W are parallel, and L is on top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	above	1
1 M presents lower right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the right side and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 J is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 G is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the left and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 I is diagonally right and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned above and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 D is below and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned below T and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the right of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	left	1
1 C is over there and A is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	left	1
1 K is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	right	1
1 J is sitting at the lower left position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	right	1
1 P is positioned right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 T is sitting at the lower position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	below	1
1 Z is over there with L below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	above	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	below	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting at the upper left position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 J and C are both there with the object J is to the right of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	right	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	right	1
1 S is below and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 G is north east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the bottom right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 O is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 O presents below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	above	1
1 V is north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	left	1
1 X is at the bottom of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the right side and top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 B and I are next to each other with B on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	below	1
1 S is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 I and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the top position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	above	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	left	1
1 E and F are horizontal and E is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	left	1
1 J is on the right side and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	above	1
1 The objects A and D are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 L and W are parallel, and L is under W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	below	1
1 F is placed at the lower left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 W and U are next to each other with U at the bottom W on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	below	1
1 A is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally left and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 D and R are in a vertical line with R below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	below	1
1 C is above and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Q and K are parallel, and K is below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 G and C are parallel, and G is over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	below	1
1 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper left position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 P is directly above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	above	1
1 H is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 F is below and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at R's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	above	1
1 O and N are side by side with O on the top and N at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	below	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	below	1
1 S is positioned above J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the left of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is over there and E is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	below	1
1 V is on the top side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	below	1
1 I is to the top of Y vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	right	1
1 L and E are next to each other with L on the left and E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	right	1
1 K and T are both there with the object K is to the right of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	right	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	right	1
1 A is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 B is below D at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 X is lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Y and N are parallel, and Y is on top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	above	1
1 G is positioned down and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting at the upper right position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the right side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 D is placed at the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 L is below and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 P presents below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 H and R are vertical and H is above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	below	1
1 Z presents over I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	below	1
1 J and W are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	left	1
1 L is directly above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	below	1
1 J is above and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object V is positioned directly below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	above	1
1 T is to the top-left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting at the lower left position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 R is over there and F is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	right	1
1 A presents lower left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned in the front right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 V presents upper left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	left	1
1 U is positioned below and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	left	1
1 E is above and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 C is sitting in the left direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	right	1
1 Z is under K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	above	1
1 I and C are parallel, and C is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	below	1
1 B is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 The object P and F are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the right of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 S is placed at the bottom of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	above	1
1 C is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	below	1
1 D is positioned above and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 C is directly north west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	left	1
1 L and X are side by side with L to the left and X to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	left	1
1 T is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	above	1
1 B is at the bottom and S is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	below	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	left	1
1 W is over there and J is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	below	1
1 A is at S's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	above	1
1 Q is positioned above and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I and U are parallel, and I is over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	above	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	above	1
1 S is directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	below	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	left	1
1 P is diagonally right and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 J and V are parallel, and J on the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 G is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 V is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 E is over there and T is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	right	1
1 A is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there and Z is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	below	1
1 G is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	left	1
1 Q is sitting in the right direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	left	1
1 The object C and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	right	1
1 A is directly south west of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 C and G are in a vertical line with G below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	above	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	left	1
1 R is at Z's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	above	1
1 G is positioned down and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 V and R are horizontal and V is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	right	1
1 L is on the right side and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Object Z is above object T and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 L is directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	below	1
1 N presents over I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	above	1
1 N is positioned above A and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 G is directly south east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	right	1
1 G is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 W is sitting at the lower right position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 T is over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	above	1
1 V and E are side by side with V to the left and E to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	left	1
1 W is directly south west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 H is directly south east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there with V below.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	right	1
1 O is above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	below	1
1 B is below H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	above	1
1 M presents upper left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	above	1
1 R is directly north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned in the top left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	right	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 G is north west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 The object X and Q are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned down and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 B is at U's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	right	1
1 G is diagonally left and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 S and Q are parallel, and S is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	left	1
1 I is to the left of F horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	left	1
1 L is placed at the lower right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	above	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	right	1
1 X is positioned above Q and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 A is above and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 R is upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the left side of and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 D and I are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	left	1
1 S is positioned above E and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	left	1
1 L and S are in a vertical line with L on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 N presents right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	left	1
1 T and F are parallel, and T is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	left	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the top right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	below	1
1 Z and R are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	left	1
1 M and H are next to each other with M on the top and H at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	above	1
1 L is placed at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 R is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	right	1
1 Object Z is above object U and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Object J is above object M and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Y and F are parallel, and Y is over F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	above	1
1 M is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned in the top left corner of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 I is below and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 T is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Object X is above object G and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 M is above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 I is north west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the left side of and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the top of J vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	above	1
1 S is to the left of R horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 I is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	below	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	right	1
1 B presents upper right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 G is diagonally left and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E is south west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 X presents lower right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	above	1
1 V and L are horizontal and V is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	right	1
1 U is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 C is placed at the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 I is lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 W is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 B presents lower right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Object S is below object U and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 I is over there and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Q is above J at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 X is upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 T and E are side by side with E at the bottom and T on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	above	1
1 V is on the right side to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	left	1
1 L and D are vertical and L is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	above	1
1 J is positioned in the lower right corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 L is below and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	left	1
1 P and R are both there with the object R below the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	above	1
1 Z is to the left of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	left	1
1 D is positioned down and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I presents lower left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 D is lower left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	right	1
1 W is above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	below	1
1 Object X is below object P and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned above and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Object L is above object R and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 T presents upper left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	left	1
1 N and A are next to each other with N on the top and A at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object K is positioned directly below the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	below	1
1 H is on the top side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	above	1
1 S is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	below	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 T and M are next to each other with M on the right and T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	right	1
1 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	left	1
1 C is to the right of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	right	1
1 S is on the top side to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 X and U are side by side with X to the left and U to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned below J and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 P is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 G is below and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 The objects J and C are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 J and L are next to each other with L on the right and J on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	right	1
1 Z is under G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	above	1
1 S is upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Q is directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	below	1
1 F is positioned above and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 N is above V at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 F and I are in a vertical line with F on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	below	1
1 F is at the bottom and P is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	above	1
1 M is at the bottom of Y vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	below	1
1 N is on the lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	above	1
1 H is on the right side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object O is positioned directly above the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	above	1
1 N is placed at the lower right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Object N is above object X and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 D is over there and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	left	1
1 O is to the top-left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 D and N are parallel, and D is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 E is below G at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 D and F are parallel, and D on the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 X is lower right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the upper left position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the top-right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 N is sitting in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	left	1
1 H is positioned above N and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object M and X are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	above	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 V is upper right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 B and H are vertical and B is above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	below	1
1 Q is above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally right and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 V is diagonally left and above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 U is lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 U and P are horizontal and U is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 T is placed at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	above	1
1 C is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the bottom left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 J and H are next to each other with J on the left and H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	right	1
1 F is sitting at the lower left position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned below A and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	left	1
1 U presents below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	below	1
1 O is sitting in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	left	1
1 M is sitting at the top position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	below	1
1 L is north east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is above and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 V is above and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 J and E are next to each other with E at the bottom J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	below	1
1 Z is directly south east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 L presents right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	left	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	left	1
1 T is diagonally left and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 N is directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	above	1
1 L is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	below	1
1 E is at A's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	below	1
1 P is north east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally right and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 U is placed in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 L is diagonally left and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 D is placed in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	left	1
1 V is below B at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 G is placed in the right direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	right	1
1 F presents lower right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	above	1
1 C is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	below	1
1 P is to the top right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the right of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 V is on the right side and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	below	1
1 R is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	left	1
1 P is diagonally right and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 V is at Zs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	right	1
1 H and R are horizontal and H is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	left	1
1 X and U are parallel, and X is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	above	1
1 U is to the bottom left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 U and S are both there with the object S below the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	below	1
1 F is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	below	1
1 Q is under J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	above	1
1 The objects P and J are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the top-right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 N is upper right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 K and L are vertical and K is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	above	1
1 Z and O are both there with the object Z is to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	left	1
1 X is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 B is sitting at the top position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	above	1
1 T is positioned down and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 U presents over F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	below	1
1 I is to the top-right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 K is at L's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	right	1
1 R is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	left	1
1 Object I is below object W and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the left side of and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 F and V are in a vertical line with F on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	below	1
1 D is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting at the lower position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	below	1
1 K is at L's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	left	1
1 H and W are parallel, and H is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	right	1
1 F and O are parallel, and F is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 E and T are side by side with E on the top and T at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	above	1
1 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	left	1
1 K is to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	right	1
1 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	right	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 M and U are parallel, and M is under U.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	below	1
1 Y and A are horizontal and Y is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	left	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the bottom-left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 F presents lower right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 I presents over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	above	1
1 P is positioned above K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	above	1
1 R is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	left	1
1 P is directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 T is on the top side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	below	1
1 T is to the top of A vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	below	1
1 O is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	left	1
1 P is positioned down and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned above N and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 B and M are both there with the object B is to the right of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object H and S are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 D is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I presents left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	left	1
1 X is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 H is north west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the right side and top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 I and W are horizontal and I is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	right	1
1 R is above G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	below	1
1 Z is placed on the top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	below	1
1 I is positioned above and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 B is below F at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there with V below.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	below	1
1 Y and U are horizontal and Y is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	right	1
1 D is on the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 I is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 I and T are parallel, and I is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	right	1
1 F is placed at the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 T presents over L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	below	1
1 P is at Y's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	above	1
1 W is on the left and G is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	left	1
1 U is below and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J and O are vertical and J is below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	above	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 M is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	below	1
1 D is to the bottom left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 K presents lower right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 T and B are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	above	1
1 B and E are next to each other with E on the right and B on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	right	1
1 E is on the lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 T and F are both there with the object T above the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 R is upper right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned in the top left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 J is at the bottom of C vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	above	1
1 The objects J and H are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 U is placed in the left direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	left	1
1 S is to the top-left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed at the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 D and K are vertical and D is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	above	1
1 N is to the left of X horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	right	1
1 V is sitting at the lower position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	above	1
1 W is directly south east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 A presents left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	right	1
1 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	right	1
1 S is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 K and S are parallel, and K is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	right	1
1 R is placed at the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the bottom right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 F presents over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	below	1
1 U and H are next to each other with U on the top and H at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	below	1
1 L is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	below	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 K and E are next to each other with K on the left and E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	left	1
1 S is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 R and Z are both there with the object R is to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	left	1
1 I is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	below	1
1 Q is on the lower left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	right	1
1 X is positioned above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	above	1
1 Y is at H's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	above	1
1 F is directly north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Y and S are both there with the object Y above the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	above	1
1 Z and A are both there with the object Z is to the left of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	right	1
1 E is directly north east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 V is over there and G is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X presents below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	below	1
1 Y is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	below	1
1 B is over there with Q above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	above	1
1 O and U are side by side with O on the top and U at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	below	1
1 B presents upper left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 T is placed at the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 X is above U at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 B is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 K is sitting in the right direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	left	1
1 S and V are next to each other with V on the right and S on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	left	1
1 D is under J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Object J is below object K and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object X and A are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	left	1
1 E and Q are horizontal and E is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 G is sitting at the top position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally left and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 G is placed in the left direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	left	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 J and U are parallel, and J on the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 N presents upper left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 I is at the bottom of X vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 E is above L at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 C and V are vertical and C is above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	below	1
1 B and Y are parallel, and B on the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	left	1
1 G is to the top right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the top-right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 G is over there and Z is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	above	1
1 L is positioned below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	above	1
1 X is on the left side and above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 R is at the lower side of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	above	1
1 K and P are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	right	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned above and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 B is sitting at the lower position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	above	1
1 W is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	above	1
1 H presents upper right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 M and U are both there with the object M above the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	above	1
1 Y and Z are both there with the object Y is to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	right	1
1 K is at the lower side of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	above	1
1 F is to the right of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	left	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 F is over there with V above.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 M is below O at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 J and G are in a vertical line with J on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	above	1
1 P is at T's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there with X above.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	above	1
1 D is to the right of O horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	left	1
1 F presents upper left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the right of S horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	left	1
1 N is positioned in the front right corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 O is at C's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	above	1
1 O is on top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	above	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	below	1
1 Y is on the left and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	left	1
1 I is to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned below H and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 E and Q are both there with the object E is to the left of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	right	1
1 Q is lower right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 C is placed on the top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	below	1
1 P is positioned below R and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 A is positioned above T and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 E is below C and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object R and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 H and E are horizontal and H is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 P is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object S is positioned directly above the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 S is at the bottom of U vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	below	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	left	1
1 H is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object T and A are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	right	1
1 S and G are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	right	1
1 G is to the top-right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 U and L are horizontal and U is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 Q is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Q is lower left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 D is below A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 C and A are in a vertical line with C on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	above	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 T is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	left	1
1 N is to the top of J vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	above	1
1 R is lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 I is diagonally left and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object I and Y are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally left and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Object V is below object E and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and M is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	right	1
1 A is to the bottom-right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 T is at F's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	above	1
1 P and H are side by side with H at the bottom and P on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	below	1
1 T is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 D is on the right side and top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 H and N are both there with the object N below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	above	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 S is diagonally above T to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the right and M is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	right	1
1 J and Q are side by side with J to the right and Q to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The objects U and M are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 K and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	left	1
1 D is directly north west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 V is below Y at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Q and M are horizontal and Q is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	right	1
1 R and D are side by side with R on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	above	1
1 P is at Gs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	right	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	below	1
1 L is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 T and V are next to each other with T on the top and V at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 R is under Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	above	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 N and T are side by side with T at the bottom and N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	below	1
1 X is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	left	1
1 P and T are in a vertical line with P on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	below	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 L is above U and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object O and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 X is placed at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	below	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 N and L are side by side with N to the left and L to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	left	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	right	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	left	1
1 T is at the bottom of E vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	below	1
1 O is positioned below L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E and Y are both there with the object E is to the left of object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 W is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the left side and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	right	1
1 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there and T is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	above	1
1 L is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The object F is positioned directly below the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	above	1
1 H is to the top-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	right	1
1 P is over there and T is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	right	1
1 N is to the top-right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 T and E are parallel, and T is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	left	1
1 T and R are parallel, and T on the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	left	1
1 T is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 P is over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	above	1
1 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	below	1
1 I is to the right of X horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	left	1
1 Y is directly south west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 H is placed on the top of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	left	1
1 B is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 H is north west of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P and J are parallel, and P on the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Y presents over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	above	1
1 E and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	left	1
1 I is under C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	below	1
1 The object D and O are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	above	1
1 H and S are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Q is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 P is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 V is lower left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the right side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object E is positioned directly below the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	above	1
1 J is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	left	1
1 W and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is below W at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The object H and T are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 F and P are parallel, and F is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	left	1
1 C and F are horizontal and C is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	right	1
1 T is diagonally left and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 I and S are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	right	1
1 Q is positioned in the front right corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 P is below Z and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L is directly north east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the bottom-right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 L and S are horizontal and L is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	left	1
1 Z and K are vertical and Z is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	below	1
1 V is on the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object G and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	left	1
1 W and M are side by side with W to the left and M to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	left	1
1 F is to the bottom-right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there and P is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	above	1
1 A presents lower left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Object U is below object K and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the lower left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The objects M and G are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the left of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 O is sitting at the lower right position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 F is at Es 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N and W are side by side with N to the right and W to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 H is lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	below	1
1 S is south east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 A is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	above	1
1 I is below R and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is positioned directly below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	above	1
1 H and E are horizontal and H is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	left	1
1 B is diagonally left and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 D is placed on the top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	below	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	above	1
1 V presents below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	above	1
1 P and C are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	left	1
1 Z and U are horizontal and Z is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	right	1
1 A is over there with H below.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 Object O is below object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the right and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	right	1
1 I is directly south west of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 K is over there with W above.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	above	1
1 J is below H at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the left side of and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the lower side of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	above	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	right	1
1 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 E is over there and F is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	right	1
1 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	below	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	left	1
1 O is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	right	1
1 M is below Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 M presents lower left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 T is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 N is positioned below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the lower position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	above	1
1 A is positioned left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	left	1
1 Z is positioned in the top left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 S is lower left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower right position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned in the front right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 P is at Y's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	below	1
1 O is positioned above and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the bottom left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y presents lower right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 F presents upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally left and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 N is placed at the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 E presents left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	right	1
1 F is directly south east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 O presents upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at N's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E is above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 E is above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	below	1
1 X is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 J is over there and S is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	left	1
1 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	right	1
1 R and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	right	1
1 Q is on the left and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	right	1
1 E is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 N is north west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned above U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	right	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 L and S are next to each other with L on the left and S on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 I is diagonally right and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 X and Q are side by side with X to the left and Q to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 T and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 Z is positioned left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 V is below X at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 G is over there and C is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	above	1
1 Y is at the bottom and V is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	below	1
1 H is over there with Y below.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	above	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	left	1
1 S is above Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 W is above Q and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the right side and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the left side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 P presents left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	right	1
1 D is on the right side and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Object M is above object V and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 R presents upper right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	left	1
1 Q is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Y is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 T is over there and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	right	1
1 S is to the bottom right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Z and H are side by side with Z on the top and H at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	above	1
1 V is over there and H is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	below	1
1 L is on the top side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	below	1
1 L is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 D is below K and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 N is at S's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	above	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	right	1
1 R is directly north east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 L and T are horizontal and L is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	right	1
1 X is positioned right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	left	1
1 O is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	above	1
1 B is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 N is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The objects R and B are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Y and G are parallel, and Y is under G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	below	1
1 X is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	left	1
1 M is directly south east of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the bottom-left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 A is over there and Y is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	above	1
1 U and P are parallel, and U is under P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 B and H are in a vertical line with B on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	above	1
1 B and X are parallel, and B is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	left	1
1 F is on the left side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 G is to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is positioned directly above the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	below	1
1 A is positioned down and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the bottom left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the right side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 D is on the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	left	1
1 Object S is below object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally right and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 V is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 U and N are horizontal and U is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 X is at P's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 Q and T are next to each other with T on the right and Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	right	1
1 X is placed at the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	right	1
1 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 U is above L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	below	1
1 V is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 J is above W at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 T is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 V is placed in the left direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	left	1
1 U is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	right	1
1 O is directly south west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object J and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 M presents lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 M is sitting at the lower position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 W is sitting at the upper right position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	right	1
1 V and B are next to each other with V on the top and B at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	above	1
1 Q is positioned right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 T is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 The objects L and T are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the top-left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is at Y's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	left	1
1 The objects C and E are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 E and J are parallel, and E on the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	right	1
1 V is below Q and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned below and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Z is on the right side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	right	1
1 C is directly south west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the left side of and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 S and D are next to each other with D on the right and S on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 Q and Z are parallel, and Q is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Z and I are parallel, and Z is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	left	1
1 I is directly south east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned above G and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 F is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 W is south east of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Z is positioned down and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 H is to the left of S horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	right	1
1 L is on the top side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	below	1
1 A and G are both there with the object G below the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	below	1
1 A is positioned left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	right	1
1 B presents upper left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 A is sitting at the lower position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	above	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 L and V are next to each other with L on the top and V at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	below	1
1 The objects W and T are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object L and V are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	left	1
1 L is over there and Z is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	below	1
1 H is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 J is below O and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the right and L is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	left	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 W is positioned in the front right corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the left of M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	left	1
1 X is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	below	1
1 W is over V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 P is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 W is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Z presents upper left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B is above and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	right	1
1 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	right	1
1 J is on the left side of and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 H is on top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is over there and G is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	below	1
1 W is at L's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	below	1
1 Object X is above object J and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 L is at the bottom and S is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	above	1
1 H is placed at the upper right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 V and J are side by side with V on the top and J at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	below	1
1 W is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	below	1
1 N is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	below	1
1 O is over there and V is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	below	1
1 C is sitting in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	right	1
1 N is positioned below R and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	right	1
1 C is on the left side and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 A is under C.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	below	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 D is below G and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the top right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 H is above and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 I and K are parallel, and I is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	left	1
1 Z is over there and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	right	1
1 M is over there and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	right	1
1 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	above	1
1 M is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 P presents lower left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 W and R are side by side with W to the right and R to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	right	1
1 V is south west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Z is under S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	below	1
1 O is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	left	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the left and K is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	below	1
1 Y is below R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	above	1
1 O is sitting at the top position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	below	1
1 T is to the right of F horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	left	1
1 A is on the right side and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the left side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	left	1
1 G and U are next to each other with G on the left and U on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	right	1
1 Z is above W at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 D and U are side by side with D to the right and U to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	right	1
1 Y is positioned in the front right corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Q is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the top side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	below	1
1 C and F are parallel, and C is on top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	above	1
1 Z and C are horizontal and Z is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	right	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	right	1
1 P is over there with V above.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	below	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 A is below H and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P and H are next to each other with H at the bottom P on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	below	1
1 N is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 Q is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	right	1
1 A is to the top-right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	left	1
1 P and Y are side by side with P to the left and Y to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E is over there and Y is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	right	1
1 T is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 X is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V is above P at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the top right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 A is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at Ms 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Q is placed in the left direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	left	1
1 S is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned below O and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 F is over there and V is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	below	1
1 Y and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	left	1
1 Q is over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Z is on the top and G is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	below	1
1 S is on the right side to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	left	1
1 A and S are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	right	1
1 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 P is on top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	below	1
1 S is on the lower left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 D is north east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 F is placed in the right direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	right	1
1 J and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	left	1
1 Object D is below object R and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object K is positioned directly above the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 W is north west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the lower left position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Z presents upper left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is positioned right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X and T are side by side with T at the bottom and X on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	below	1
1 C is on the right side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	left	1
1 Z is at the lower side of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	above	1
1 J is below and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 N is over there and A is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	right	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object N and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	left	1
1 R and W are side by side with R to the right and W to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object S is positioned directly below the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	below	1
1 K is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 B is sitting at the top position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	above	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the lower position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	above	1
1 E is to the right of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	right	1
1 T is positioned above H and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the lower right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower left position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 B and S are side by side with B to the left and S to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	right	1
1 A presents left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	right	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 I is upper right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 O and C are side by side with O on the top and C at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	below	1
1 R is sitting at the top position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	left	1
1 R is above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the top position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	above	1
1 Z is on top of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	below	1
1 E is over there and A is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	right	1
1 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	left	1
1 D is at U's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	above	1
1 J is positioned up and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 V is at the bottom of E vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	below	1
1 P is positioned right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 X is over there and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is to the bottom left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 F is directly north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally right and above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 I is above and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at the bottom of G vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	above	1
1 R is sitting in the left direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	right	1
1 P is below and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 M is diagonally right and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and T is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	above	1
1 P is to the top right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 P is on the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally right and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned above I and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the left of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	right	1
1 X is to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 X and T are horizontal and X is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	right	1
1 H is positioned above U and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	right	1
1 L is below O and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 B presents lower right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 M and A are in a vertical line with M on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 W is on the top and A is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	below	1
1 T is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the bottom-right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 G is sitting in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	right	1
1 F is to the bottom left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 C is under H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	below	1
1 T is directly north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 F and W are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 C is placed at the bottom of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	below	1
1 Z is to the top-left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 N is placed at the lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 B is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the top right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 R and T are next to each other with T on the right and R on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	right	1
1 J and K are horizontal and J is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	left	1
1 A is over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	below	1
1 Q is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the lower right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	right	1
1 R is directly north west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 U and X are next to each other with X at the bottom U on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 K and R are parallel, and K on the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	left	1
1 E is upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 I is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	below	1
1 H is over there and O is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 T is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	right	1
1 R is to the bottom-left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	left	1
1 X is upper right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 E is above and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the left side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 O is over there and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	right	1
1 X is upper right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the top-left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there and Y is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	below	1
1 M is to the bottom-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 R is below I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	above	1
1 V and R are side by side with R at the bottom and V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 D is directly above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	above	1
1 P and Z are parallel, and P on the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	right	1
1 Q is north east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the bottom left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	above	1
1 F and D are parallel, and F is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 P and D are both there with the object P is to the right of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	right	1
1 M is directly above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	below	1
1 L is placed in the right direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	left	1
1 The object Y and S are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Y is lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 D presents left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally left and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 B and A are side by side with B on the top and A at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	above	1
1 Z is to the bottom-right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned below and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 B is at Ns 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 X and H are vertical and X is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q is at the bottom of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	below	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the right side and below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	above	1
1 L is over A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 W is under K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	below	1
1 V is positioned below D and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at the bottom of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	above	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 B presents over F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	below	1
1 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	left	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	below	1
1 O is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	left	1
1 W and G are parallel, and W on the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	left	1
1 C is over there with H below.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	above	1
1 O is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 T is above D at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	right	1
1 W is directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 I is to the bottom right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The objects T and Q are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Y is south west of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	above	1
1 C is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the right side and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 G is lower left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 L and F are side by side with L to the left and F to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	left	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 J and D are side by side with J to the right and D to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the upper right position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Y and D are vertical and Y is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	above	1
1 G is to the bottom-left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the right side and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 B is over there and L is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	right	1
1 W is below and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the top of P vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	above	1
1 I is over there with Z below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	below	1
1 Y is diagonally right and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 F and A are both there with the object A below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	below	1
1 U and J are parallel, and U on the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	right	1
1 K and C are parallel, and K is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	left	1
1 J is positioned below B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 E is directly below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 J is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 G is below F and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	left	1
1 H is placed in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	right	1
1 F is above U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	above	1
1 C is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally right and above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H and K are vertical and H is above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	below	1
1 P is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	below	1
1 R is over there and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 L and Q are in a vertical line with L on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	above	1
1 T is on the left side and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned in the top left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 K and O are vertical and K is above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	above	1
1 Z presents right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	left	1
1 S is positioned above H and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 H is at S's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	below	1
1 Y presents below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 H is at the lower side of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	below	1
1 W is positioned above and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 J and G are both there with the object G below the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	above	1
1 S is on the right side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	right	1
1 M is diagonally left and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned below C and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	below	1
1 N is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	left	1
1 I is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned below and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 F is directly south west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	above	1
1 L is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 D is at the lower side of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 R and I are horizontal and R is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	right	1
1 S is upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 X presents left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	right	1
1 D is north west of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 J and L are parallel, and J is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	left	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	right	1
1 K is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object W and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 R is lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 I is below and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The object O and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Y and I are vertical and Y is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	below	1
1 R is on the right side and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	left	1
1 E is positioned in the lower right corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 O presents below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	below	1
1 B is on the lower left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 A is placed in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	right	1
1 P is positioned below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	above	1
1 K is diagonally left and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 R is diagonally left and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 V is placed at the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 W is over there and N is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	above	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	right	1
1 V is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 B and Y are horizontal and B is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	right	1
1 F and U are parallel, and F on the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	left	1
1 F is above Z and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	left	1
1 X is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	right	1
1 G is to the bottom-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 I is over there and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	right	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 B presents lower left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the lower right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the top-left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there and I is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 N is placed at the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	left	1
1 B is lower left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object A is positioned directly above the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	above	1
1 T is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 A is directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally below U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Y is diagonally left and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 P is above I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y is on the right and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 E is placed at the lower left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally below U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 J is positioned above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	below	1
1 Y is south west of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 T is at J's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	left	1
1 T is on the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 J is directly south east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the top right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 H is above E at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 D is over there and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 J is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned above G and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 W and E are vertical and W is above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	above	1
1 J is on the left and O is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 D is below F at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 G is at Q's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	above	1
1 P and G are parallel, and P is to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	left	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 T and S are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	above	1
1 F is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	right	1
1 N presents right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 The objects C and R are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 W and F are parallel, and W on the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 R and W are vertical and R is above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	above	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 A and B are parallel, and A is on top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	above	1
1 W is upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 T is south west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	right	1
1 U and P are both there with the object U is to the right of object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	right	1
1 H is to the top-left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting at the upper left position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Z is positioned below A and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 W is on the right and F is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 A is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	right	1
1 S is directly north east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the bottom right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	left	1
1 X is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Object Q is below object E and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there and V is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 C and L are both there with the object C is to the right of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	left	1
1 F is diagonally left and above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the left side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	right	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 C is at Hs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	right	1
1 J is over there with A below.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	below	1
1 Y is on the left and X is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	right	1
1 T is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 Z is positioned left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	right	1
1 J is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 H is on the left side of and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned in the top left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	left	1
1 N is north west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 V is above O at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally left and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 X is at Q's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	below	1
1 I is above U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 G is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	above	1
1 T is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 S is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Z is to the right of T horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	left	1
1 C and D are parallel, and D is below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	below	1
1 Y is positioned in the front right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the bottom-left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the top and L is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	below	1
1 R is to the bottom-right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 J and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	below	1
1 B is at H's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	right	1
1 W and Q are horizontal and W is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	left	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 D is north east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 N is above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	below	1
1 L presents right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	left	1
1 The object U is positioned directly below the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	above	1
1 T is south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally below P to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the left and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	left	1
1 C is to the top of Z vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 X is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 G is directly above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	below	1
1 J is to the top of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	above	1
1 G is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 V and B are side by side with B at the bottom and V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	above	1
1 F is over there and A is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	left	1
1 Object X is below object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Q is directly south east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 F and Q are both there with the object F is to the right of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 L is on the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 R is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 K is below U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 K is over there and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object F is positioned directly above the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	below	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 P is placed at the lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the left of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	right	1
1 The object X is positioned directly above the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	above	1
1 Y is to the top-left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the bottom left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at P's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Z is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	right	1
1 A is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	below	1
1 Z is at the lower side of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	above	1
1 D is directly north west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the bottom-left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 O is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 O is placed at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 E is to the right of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	left	1
1 V is above B and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 C is south west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 F is placed in the right direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	left	1
1 K is at R's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	above	1
1 V is over there and K is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 I is placed at the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 R and G are both there with the object R is to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	left	1
1 C is positioned above U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 F presents lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 D is below K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	right	1
1 X presents left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	right	1
1 D is at G's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	left	1
1 L and B are parallel, and B is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	below	1
1 V is over there and Q is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	above	1
1 G and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 G and B are vertical and G is above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	below	1
1 Y is south east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the top and A is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 R is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the right and M is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	left	1
1 R is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 K presents below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 V is to the bottom right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 L is on the right and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	left	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Object D is below object A and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	left	1
1 U is lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 J and K are next to each other with K on the right and J on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 A and S are side by side with S at the bottom and A on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	above	1
1 Y is below C and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Q is directly south west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the lower right position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	above	1
1 Object F is above object J and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the bottom-right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 C is directly south east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	left	1
1 Y is directly south east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 U and O are side by side with U to the left and O to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	right	1
1 U is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	right	1
1 K is north east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 D is at Xs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	left	1
1 W is directly north west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed at the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	left	1
1 D is above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	below	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	right	1
1 The objects D and M are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the top right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally left and below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	above	1
1 N and B are next to each other with N on the top and B at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	below	1
1 Y is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	right	1
1 S is above W at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 P is under B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 K is above H and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 N and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the lower position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	above	1
1 W is south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B is lower left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is positioned directly below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	above	1
1 V presents left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 B is above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	above	1
1 Q is below and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the right side and top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 A and I are parallel, and A is under I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 S and I are next to each other with I at the bottom S on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	below	1
1 B and I are next to each other with B on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	above	1
1 A is diagonally right and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	below	1
1 C is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	below	1
1 V presents right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	below	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	right	1
1 J and G are side by side with J to the right and G to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	right	1
1 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	below	1
1 R is at the bottom and A is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	below	1
1 O is to the bottom left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 H presents lower right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the top-left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 N is positioned down and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object A is positioned directly above the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	below	1
1 I is north west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the bottom right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 X is directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	above	1
1 J is positioned in the top left corner of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at the bottom and U is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	below	1
1 S is placed on the top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 J and E are side by side with J on the top and E at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	below	1
1 V is to the top right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 M is above and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K and M are side by side with M at the bottom and K on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	above	1
1 H is above E at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 P is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally right and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The object H and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the left and M is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 A is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 X is directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 Q is placed on the top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	above	1
1 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	right	1
1 D is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	right	1
1 S is diagonally left and above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned below I and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 D is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	below	1
1 R is placed at the lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the top and R is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	above	1
1 L presents right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	left	1
1 M is diagonally left and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 T is directly north west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 V and L are horizontal and V is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	left	1
1 J and I are parallel, and J is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	right	1
1 E is above T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z is above G and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 X is sitting at the top position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	below	1
1 Y is to the top of E vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Q and J are vertical and Q is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	above	1
1 V is placed at the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 W and R are parallel, and R is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	below	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	left	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the top-right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	right	1
1 W is above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	below	1
1 A is at U's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	right	1
1 K is on the right side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 B is on the left side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	right	1
1 T is sitting at the upper left position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the bottom left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 B is below and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	left	1
1 P is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	right	1
1 Z is at the lower side of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 K is north east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned below D and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 B is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 B is at J's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	left	1
1 P is below Q and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned above Q and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 W is placed at the bottom of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	below	1
1 Q is over there with X below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	above	1
1 The objects R and B are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 O is below and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Q and J are both there with the object Q is to the right of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	right	1
1 L is over there and W is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	right	1
1 X is to the top-right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 P and Q are next to each other with P on the left and Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	right	1
1 K is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 X is at S's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	left	1
1 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	left	1
1 N and A are in a vertical line with A below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	below	1
1 I is positioned above A and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 N and W are next to each other with N on the left and W on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	left	1
1 X and M are both there with the object X is to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 B is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	right	1
1 X is upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 O and F are both there with the object O is to the right of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 T and W are parallel, and T on the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	left	1
1 G and Z are in a vertical line with Z below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	below	1
1 H is on the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	below	1
1 D is below and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 L is lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 B is over there and A is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	above	1
1 B and X are next to each other with X on the right and B on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	right	1
1 B is to the top right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object F is positioned directly below the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	below	1
1 L is at the lower side of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	above	1
1 N is on the left side to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	right	1
1 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	right	1
1 H and A are side by side with A at the bottom and H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	below	1
1 Object D is above object R and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 F is positioned down and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 L is upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the left side of and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Z is directly north east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 M is at I's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	right	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	below	1
1 S is south west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the right side and top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 E and P are both there with the object E is to the right of object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	left	1
1 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	above	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 E presents lower left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 H and K are both there with the object K below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 O is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Q is below G and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the right and T is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	left	1
1 V is over there with L below.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	below	1
1 X is on the right and A is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	right	1
1 R is over there and U is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 Object E is below object C and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 X is above U and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 O is positioned above and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 G is above U and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 G is positioned left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	right	1
1 S is above and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 I and P are vertical and I is above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	above	1
1 M is to the top of V vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	below	1
1 W is above and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	left	1
1 I presents lower left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 R presents lower right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the left of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	below	1
1 J and Z are side by side with J to the right and Z to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	left	1
1 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	above	1
1 The object V is positioned directly above the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 P is below L at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 G is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is placed in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	right	1
1 O is directly north east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Z is positioned up and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K is over there and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	right	1
1 L is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	right	1
1 M is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	right	1
1 P is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the bottom-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 I is placed at the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 X is placed on the top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	below	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Z is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	above	1
1 D is at the bottom of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	below	1
1 E is below and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 G and L are both there with the object L below the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	below	1
1 O and D are both there with the object O is to the left of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object N and X are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 T is directly below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 A and X are both there with the object A is to the right of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	left	1
1 F is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the bottom-right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 S and X are side by side with S on the top and X at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	below	1
1 S is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	right	1
1 P is over there and B is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is on the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 G presents upper right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 C is upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there with G below.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 K and E are horizontal and K is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	right	1
1 R is positioned below D and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned in the front right corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the top-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	left	1
1 J is over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	above	1
1 X is placed at the bottom of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 P and I are parallel, and I is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	below	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 X is above I and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 H is above C and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned below and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 The object P and W are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 N is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	above	1
1 B and W are both there with the object B is to the right of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 D is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there and K is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	right	1
1 B is above Q at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned below D and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 E and D are next to each other with E on the left and D on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	left	1
1 Z is positioned down and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the bottom-right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	right	1
1 X is there and C is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	right	1
1 V is to the right of J horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 Y is on the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 R and S are parallel, and R is on top of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	below	1
1 U and K are next to each other with U on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	left	1
1 S is to the top of U vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	below	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 W is placed at the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 L is at the lower side of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	above	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the lower right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 R is on top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	below	1
1 P is to the right of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	right	1
1 P is south west of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 W is at X's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	above	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 T is above R at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	left	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	right	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 K is above H at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 E presents upper right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Object F is above object E and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the left side of and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 C is on the right side and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 F is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	below	1
1 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned above L and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 K and H are parallel, and K is over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the top position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	above	1
1 B is on the right and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	left	1
1 F is positioned below C and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	right	1
1 N is sitting at the lower position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	below	1
1 P and E are in a vertical line with P on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	above	1
1 P is sitting at the lower left position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 O presents upper left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 N is south west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the lower side of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 I is placed at the lower left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 O is over F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	right	1
1 X is sitting at the lower right position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower left position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Z and D are parallel, and Z is under D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Y and I are side by side with Y to the left and I to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Object N is below object L and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the right of H horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 K is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 U is at the bottom of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	below	1
1 M is positioned below N and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the bottom-right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting in the right direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	left	1
1 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	below	1
1 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	above	1
1 S is on the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the right of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	left	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	below	1
1 K is on the left side and above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 O is directly below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 D is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	below	1
1 J is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	left	1
1 P is over there with D below.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	below	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 N is over there and A is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	left	1
1 D is to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 G presents lower right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	above	1
1 R is placed at the upper right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 K and G are parallel, and K is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	below	1
1 N is at the bottom of L vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	below	1
1 Z is on the left and G is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	left	1
1 E is on the lower left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J is above and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the left side and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 B is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 X presents upper left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q and D are side by side with D at the bottom and Q on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	below	1
1 S and L are side by side with S to the left and L to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 G and W are horizontal and G is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	left	1
1 I and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	above	1
1 I is on the lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 B and O are both there with the object B is to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	left	1
1 G is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	left	1
1 J and B are in a vertical line with J on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	above	1
1 H is above and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Z is over there and C is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	below	1
1 C presents upper left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Q and V are side by side with Q on the top and V at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	above	1
1 F is placed at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	below	1
1 R is over there and D is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	right	1
1 Y is above T at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the left side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	right	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 M is directly above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	above	1
1 O is sitting in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	right	1
1 M and F are parallel, and M is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 E is positioned below V and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 C is placed at the bottom of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	below	1
1 N is on the lower left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 H is on top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 C and H are both there with the object C above the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	above	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, L is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 B presents below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 P and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	right	1
1 Y is on the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	below	1
1 Z is above B and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object P and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the top position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	above	1
1 S and J are parallel, and S on the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	right	1
1 V is on the right side and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 J is below V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	above	1
1 W is diagonally above F to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the lower left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 U and L are parallel, and U is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 R is below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 R and W are horizontal and R is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	right	1
1 Q presents upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting at the lower position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	above	1
1 S presents right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 G and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and G on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	below	1
1 T is upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 K is placed in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	right	1
1 U is south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned in the top left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 I is above V and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed at the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the top-right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the top right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Q is below and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	right	1
1 Y and V are in a vertical line with Y on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object B is positioned directly above the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	below	1
1 E is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 O and T are next to each other with O on the top and T at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object N and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	right	1
1 N is upper right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 X and M are horizontal and X is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 Q is over there with H below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object J and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The objects K and D are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the top-right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Object V is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 G is at P's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	above	1
1 C is directly above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	below	1
1 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 H is directly south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 V is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	below	1
1 L is positioned below and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 S and J are in a vertical line with S on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	above	1
1 K is diagonally right and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	right	1
1 K is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	below	1
1 G is to the bottom-left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 O is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	above	1
1 W is positioned right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	above	1
1 C is on the right side and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 D is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 J and L are side by side with J to the right and L to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 S is directly north east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 O is at Bs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	right	1
1 F and Q are in a vertical line with Q below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 U is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 N and Y are vertical and N is below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned above and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	left	1
1 O is to the right of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	right	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	below	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	above	1
1 B presents below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	below	1
1 Z is placed in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 The object O is positioned directly below the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	right	1
1 N is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 H is placed on the top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 P presents lower left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 E is directly north east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 I is over there and L is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	right	1
1 S is positioned down and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Object O is below object C and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 C and S are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	right	1
1 C is above and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 W is below Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 O presents left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	left	1
1 M is to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	left	1
1 D is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 V is diagonally right and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the top-right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	left	1
1 G is at Js 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	left	1
1 N is positioned in the front right corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 D is below U at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 L and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	above	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 T is placed at the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 J and A are next to each other with J on the left and A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 T is directly below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 F is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The object M and V are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 T and K are parallel, and K is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	above	1
1 The objects C and V are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the top-right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	right	1
1 T is lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	left	1
1 Z is on the right and P is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Y is below A at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting at the upper right position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	below	1
1 C is on the left side of and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 L is directly north west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower right position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z is below I at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting at the upper right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 W presents lower right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the right side and top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The object D is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	left	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower left position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 G is on top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	above	1
1 N is positioned below M and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	below	1
1 H is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	right	1
1 B is directly south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object C is positioned directly above the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	below	1
1 Q is directly below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 D and I are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	right	1
1 N is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally left and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 O is below E at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 J is south east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The objects O and M are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 I and M are in a vertical line with I on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	above	1
1 U is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 U is at the bottom of M vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	above	1
1 Z and T are parallel, and Z is over T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 F is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	below	1
1 J is positioned below R and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	below	1
1 S is lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the right side and top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the top of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	above	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the bottom-left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R presents lower right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 E is directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	above	1
1 T and E are side by side with E at the bottom and T on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Y is over there and O is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	right	1
1 V is placed on the top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	above	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	above	1
1 J is over there with M above.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	above	1
1 W is directly south east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the bottom-right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 N is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting in the left direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	right	1
1 E and W are side by side with E on the top and W at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	above	1
1 K is under M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	below	1
1 B presents upper left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 U is lower left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 J is above F and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 G and I are side by side with G on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	above	1
1 C and H are next to each other with H on the right and C on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 J presents upper right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 W is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	above	1
1 D is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	left	1
1 W is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E is below and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	below	1
1 T is over there and C is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	above	1
1 K is to the left of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	left	1
1 O is positioned right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	right	1
1 Y is upper right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	below	1
1 P is sitting at the lower left position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 S and T are next to each other with T on the right and S on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object N is positioned directly below the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	above	1
1 T is to the bottom right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 S is sitting at the upper right position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	below	1
1 H is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 A is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 I is below and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 N is directly north east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	right	1
1 O is on the left side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	right	1
1 A is over there and T is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 E is to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	left	1
1 S and M are both there with the object M below the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 S is at the bottom and W is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	below	1
1 V is north east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 W and Q are both there with the object W is to the right of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	above	1
1 J is over there and W is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is north east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the top position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 Object Z is below object U and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 B is sitting in the left direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	right	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 A and Q are parallel, and A on the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	right	1
1 K is positioned right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	left	1
1 O and L are both there with the object O is to the right of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	left	1
1 M is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	below	1
1 Y is under I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Y is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	above	1
1 L is to the left of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	right	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the top-right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W is lower left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 N and L are parallel, and N is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	right	1
1 F and I are both there with the object F above the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	above	1
1 B is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	above	1
1 Y is positioned above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 D and C are side by side with C at the bottom and D on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	below	1
1 I is below B at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed at the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 N is below and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned above V and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the upper right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 V presents over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 N is sitting at the lower left position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the left side to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	left	1
1 R and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	right	1
1 P is positioned down and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	right	1
1 A is to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 M and Q are side by side with M on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	below	1
1 N is over there with D above.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	above	1
1 S is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 G is to the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 C is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	below	1
1 W is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	above	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, U is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the left side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	right	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the bottom-left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the top-right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	below	1
1 M is diagonally right and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 L and P are side by side with L to the left and P to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	left	1
1 Q is to the bottom-right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 M is north west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the right of K horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	right	1
1 I and A are horizontal and I is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	left	1
1 R is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	below	1
1 N is over there with V above.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 N is above U at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 J is above P at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the bottom-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 C is above and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 S and D are side by side with S on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	above	1
1 N and T are vertical and N is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	below	1
1 W is to the top-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 L is below and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Z is directly below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	below	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the left of X horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 N is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	right	1
1 P is over there with E below.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	below	1
1 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 R is below T and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	left	1
1 Y and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	left	1
1 U is above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 G is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	below	1
1 The objects K and R are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	right	1
1 C is positioned below E and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the right side and top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J and A are both there with the object J is to the right of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 I is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 L is over there and S is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 N is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 W is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 V and C are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	right	1
1 B is over there and T is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 J and A are side by side with A at the bottom and J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	above	1
1 B is over there and M is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	above	1
1 S is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Object V is above object M and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 B and Z are parallel, and B is over Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 S is upper right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Object Y is above object V and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	below	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	above	1
1 Object T is below object A and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting at the lower right position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the right of M horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	left	1
1 V and J are side by side with V to the right and J to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	left	1
1 Object L is below object W and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 U and B are both there with the object B below the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	above	1
1 Y is to the top-left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 T is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	below	1
1 U is on the lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 K is placed at the lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 F and E are next to each other with F on the top and E at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 Y is to the top-left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 A and Z are parallel, and A on the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	right	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 F is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 S and V are parallel, and S is on top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	above	1
1 I is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 D and S are horizontal and D is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	right	1
1 F and M are both there with the object F is to the right of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	left	1
1 P is at F's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 X is sitting at the upper right position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	left	1
1 F is positioned above B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the right side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	right	1
1 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 K and M are parallel, and K is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 W is at C's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	above	1
1 C is positioned left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	left	1
1 P is sitting at the lower left position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 X is placed in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	left	1
1 C is sitting in the left direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	right	1
1 C and P are next to each other with P on the right and C on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 C is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	right	1
1 H is sitting in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 X and S are horizontal and X is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	right	1
1 T is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	right	1
1 W is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	right	1
1 N is on the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 S is over there and M is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 W and B are parallel, and W is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	right	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 H is north east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the left side of and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 B is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 S presents lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The objects U and C are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the right of X horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the upper right position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 U is placed on the top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 P presents right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	left	1
1 E is positioned below and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, L is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned above and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 X is below Z and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 O is diagonally left and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the lower side of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	below	1
1 H is placed at the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 V is at the bottom of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	above	1
1 A and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and A on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 E and A are next to each other with A at the bottom E on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	above	1
1 M and W are horizontal and M is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	left	1
1 H and Z are parallel, and H is over Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	above	1
1 O is to the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned down and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 O presents upper right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 M is above and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting at the upper left position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 N is below and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 R and N are side by side with R to the left and N to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z and L are parallel, and Z is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	right	1
1 D is diagonally right and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 N and Z are parallel, and N is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object Z and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object F is positioned directly above the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	below	1
1 S is at Qs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	right	1
1 Z is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	left	1
1 W is to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	below	1
1 Y presents upper left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned below and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 D is over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	above	1
1 C is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the left and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	left	1
1 O is below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 W is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object N is positioned below and to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 H is north east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Object K is below object J and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	left	1
1 D and T are parallel, and D on the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	right	1
1 D is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	above	1
1 E is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	below	1
1 Q is to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	below	1
1 N is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 B presents upper left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 H is at the lower side of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 E is at the lower side of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	above	1
1 K and F are next to each other with K on the left and F on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	left	1
1 J is south east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 B is above G at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is placed in the left direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	right	1
1 L is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the top-right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	right	1
1 Z presents upper right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 H is above U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Object B is above object S and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	left	1
1 I is below R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The objects M and Q are over there. The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the top side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	above	1
1 Q is south east of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 J presents below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 N is diagonally right and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the right side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	left	1
1 P is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting at the top position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	above	1
1 B and Q are side by side with B on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	below	1
1 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	above	1
1 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	left	1
1 K is placed in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 G is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D and S are parallel, and S is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	above	1
1 B and L are next to each other with L on the right and B on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	left	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	left	1
1 B is over there and K is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	left	1
1 Object W is below object S and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the right of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	left	1
1 W is over there and I is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	below	1
1 B and I are both there with the object B is to the left of object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	left	1
1 D and Z are parallel, and D on the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	left	1
1 J presents left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	right	1
1 R is north west of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 J and I are next to each other with J on the left and I on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	left	1
1 T is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 G is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	below	1
1 D is positioned right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	left	1
1 Y is positioned up and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 I and F are in a vertical line with I on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	above	1
1 N is above Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	above	1
1 P and T are horizontal and P is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	right	1
1 F presents below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 O is over there and U is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	left	1
1 E presents upper right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the top side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	below	1
1 Y is lower right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	above	1
1 X and M are horizontal and X is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 Y and N are side by side with Y to the right and N to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 D is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S presents left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 Y is on the right side and top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 N is over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	above	1
1 N is below K at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 I and A are side by side with A at the bottom and I on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 E and Q are parallel, and E is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	right	1
1 W is south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 V and M are in a vertical line with V on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 Z is over there and J is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	above	1
1 O is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	below	1
1 M presents left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	right	1
1 W is lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 M is upper right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting at the lower position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Object J is above object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the right side and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 W is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 W is placed at the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 F is above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	above	1
1 G is above B at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 C and T are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	right	1
1 U is at the bottom of S vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	below	1
1 I is on the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the bottom left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 P is below and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the upper left position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The objects J and S are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Object E is above object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the left of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	left	1
1 D and O are both there with the object D is to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	left	1
1 W is placed at the lower left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 M is sitting at the top position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 S is placed at the bottom of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 W and K are parallel, and W is over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	below	1
1 M and N are parallel, and N is below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	above	1
1 L and U are next to each other with U at the bottom L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	below	1
1 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	right	1
1 N is sitting at the lower position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 Y is placed at the lower left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the left side of and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is directly north east of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	right	1
1 L is above C at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Z is placed on the top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 D is over there and L is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	right	1
1 X presents below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	above	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the top position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	above	1
1 J is to the top-right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Z and H are next to each other with Z on the left and H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	left	1
1 I and P are horizontal and I is to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	right	1
1 J is diagonally left and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the left of T horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	left	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 P is under C.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	below	1
1 S is diagonally left and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 I is above G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	below	1
1 P is diagonally left and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H is over there with W below.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	above	1
1 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	above	1
1 S is lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 D presents below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	above	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	left	1
1 R is on the left side to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	right	1
1 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	above	1
1 R is below and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 K is sitting at the upper right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 D is below and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 T is placed at the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 M and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	left	1
1 F is positioned left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	right	1
1 B is above D and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally left and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Object S is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 C is directly south west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 T is over there and C is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	below	1
1 R is to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	left	1
1 H is below Y and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 F is over there and Z is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	right	1
1 X is on top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	below	1
1 A presents lower right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 V presents over S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	left	1
1 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	right	1
1 O is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	below	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	left	1
1 C is over there and N is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	right	1
1 G is positioned above D and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the left side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	left	1
1 Z is upper right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 A is south east of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned in the top left corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 T is at the bottom of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	below	1
1 I presents right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	left	1
1 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	left	1
1 U and V are parallel, and U on the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	left	1
1 H is on top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	below	1
1 G is over there and P is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	right	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the top side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	below	1
1 C is positioned down and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	above	1
1 X is at A's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object B is positioned directly below the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	left	1
1 G is directly above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	above	1
1 C is sitting at the lower right position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the top right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally left and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 W and K are horizontal and W is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	left	1
1 A and T are parallel, and A is under T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	below	1
1 U is directly north east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the left side of and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the bottom right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting in the right direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	left	1
1 Y is above and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P is upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 R is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the right side and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Object Y is below object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 M is below and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 E is over there and W is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	above	1
1 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	left	1
1 Object O is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 C is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	above	1
1 O is to the top of D vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	above	1
1 Object M is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the right of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 Y is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Y is directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	below	1
1 W is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 N and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	below	1
1 E is on the left side and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 R is sitting at the top position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	above	1
1 N and D are vertical and N is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	above	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 E is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	left	1
1 K is directly south west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally right and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	left	1
1 J is below M and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 S is over A.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	above	1
1 K is above O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 E and Z are parallel, and E on the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	below	1
1 O is upper right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 U is placed at the lower left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned up and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 O is directly south east of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the right side and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 K is below Y at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the right and B is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	right	1
1 The objects Z and T are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 D and F are parallel, and D on the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	left	1
1 Q is above A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	above	1
1 Q is on the right side and top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 E is on top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned in the front right corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the left side of and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 O presents lower left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the bottom-left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 E is upper right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Q and X are side by side with Q to the right and X to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	right	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 B is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	below	1
1 Z is placed in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	right	1
1 D is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	left	1
1 Q is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the top-right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Y and S are next to each other with Y on the left and S on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	left	1
1 J is above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally right and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 R is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 O is over there and Z is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	below	1
1 P and H are both there with the object P is to the right of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	right	1
1 I is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 G is diagonally right and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 L presents right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	left	1
1 T is sitting in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	right	1
1 E is south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 C is at the bottom of F vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	above	1
1 T is south west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned below U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the bottom of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 Q is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	above	1
1 C is below and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 T presents lower right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is positioned directly above the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	above	1
1 R is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 G is lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the top position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Z is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 I is placed at the lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 O is below A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 W is placed in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 I is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Z is south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object T and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 R and N are parallel, and R on the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	right	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the left side and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Object T is below object E and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	right	1
1 T and A are both there with the object T is to the right of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	right	1
1 The objects P and U are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 D and Q are parallel, and D is under Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	above	1
1 C and U are both there with the object U below the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	below	1
1 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	right	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	left	1
1 I is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 F is directly north west of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Z and I are next to each other with Z on the left and I on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 O and H are both there with the object H below the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 D is to the bottom right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 G is positioned left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	right	1
1 U is to the bottom right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 U is placed in the left direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 K is north east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 C is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 K is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	below	1
1 J is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 H is lower left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 P is above J and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 G is upper right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	right	1
1 F presents upper left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 X is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the right side and top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 X is below E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	above	1
1 D is placed at the bottom of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 M is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Q is above U at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned above and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	above	1
1 Y presents lower left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 H is under G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	below	1
1 M and C are parallel, and M is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	left	1
1 R is placed at the lower left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned down and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	left	1
1 M is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there with Z above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 Z is placed in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	right	1
1 U is below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	above	1
1 A and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	left	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 C is positioned in the front right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	above	1
1 T is diagonally left and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the left side to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	left	1
1 B is positioned up and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 M and C are in a vertical line with M on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	above	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the top and C is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	below	1
1 K and X are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	left	1
1 N presents left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	right	1
1 L and T are side by side with L to the left and T to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	right	1
1 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 J is placed in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 W is placed at the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and A is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	below	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 D is south east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Z is directly south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 L and B are both there with the object L is to the right of object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	right	1
1 P is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed on the top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	below	1
1 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	right	1
1 H is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned below and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned up and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the bottom-right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the left side and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned above K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower left position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object S is positioned directly below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	below	1
1 I is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	left	1
1 V is sitting at the lower position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 D is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 I presents right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	left	1
1 I is on the top and O is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	below	1
1 L is on the left and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	right	1
1 S is placed at the lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 D is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 N is directly north east of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 E and V are next to each other with E on the top and V at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	below	1
1 S is on the left and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	right	1
1 P is to the top of V vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	below	1
1 W is positioned right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	left	1
1 P is to the right of O horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	left	1
1 C is to the bottom left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the right side and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 L and F are parallel, and L is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	right	1
1 T presents upper left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 G is placed in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	left	1
1 B and Q are in a vertical line with B on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	above	1
1 W and U are horizontal and W is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object O is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	right	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 W is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 W is lower left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 A is sitting at the lower position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	below	1
1 H is placed in the left direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	left	1
1 N is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	left	1
1 C is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	left	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	left	1
1 U is over there and K is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	left	1
1 T and V are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	right	1
1 M and R are both there with the object M is to the left of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	left	1
1 J and V are horizontal and J is to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 I is at Ls 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	left	1
1 T and B are both there with the object T above the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	above	1
1 U is sitting in the left direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	right	1
1 Q and V are parallel, and Q is over V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	above	1
1 U and M are vertical and U is above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 F and G are parallel, and G is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is placed at the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 L is at the bottom of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	above	1
1 D is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	right	1
1 H is positioned left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 O and S are side by side with S at the bottom and O on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	below	1
1 P and F are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	left	1
1 F and D are next to each other with D at the bottom F on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	above	1
1 O is over there and D is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	below	1
1 V is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 W is below B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	below	1
1 E is placed at the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the left side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	left	1
1 P presents lower left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Object P is below object W and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Object I is below object W and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	left	1
1 B is on the right side and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	right	1
1 J is on the right and C is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	left	1
1 P is below H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	below	1
1 K is placed at the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 C is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	below	1
1 L is above N and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 C is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned down and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting at the top position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	above	1
1 X is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	right	1
1 E and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	left	1
1 Object B is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	right	1
1 M is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 I is at F's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	left	1
1 T is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	right	1
1 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	right	1
1 O is to the bottom-right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 J and M are parallel, and J is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 I is to the top of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	below	1
1 G is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 A is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 F is directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	below	1
1 G and A are parallel, and G on the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	right	1
1 T is to the bottom-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 K is placed in the right direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 T is over there with V above.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 N is on the right side to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	left	1
1 B is below and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 U is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 G and X are parallel, and G is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 L is positioned right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	right	1
1 R is lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned above and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the bottom right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L is below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 L is at Y's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	above	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 H and Q are vertical and H is above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	above	1
1 S is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	left	1
1 G is to the top of F vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	above	1
1 O is diagonally right and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 A is at V's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	above	1
1 N is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned above and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the top and F is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Object J is above object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 E and D are parallel, and E is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	right	1
1 D is to the bottom left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 X and Z are vertical and X is above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	below	1
1 C and H are parallel, and C is on top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	below	1
1 G is over there and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	right	1
1 S and I are side by side with S to the left and I to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	left	1
1 K is over there and X is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	right	1
1 U is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Z and J are both there with the object Z above the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	below	1
1 T and H are next to each other with H at the bottom T on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 D and S are parallel, and D is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 V is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	left	1
1 Z is placed at the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is positioned directly above the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 O is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 K is at J's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	right	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	below	1
1 J is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the top-left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	right	1
1 S is placed at the lower left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 C is at the bottom of A vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	below	1
1 A is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	above	1
1 P is at A's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	below	1
1 R is to the top-right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 I and N are parallel, and I is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	left	1
1 N is diagonally right and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 X and O are parallel, and X is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	right	1
1 D presents lower left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 V is placed at the lower left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Object C is below object F and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the right side to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 A is at T's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	below	1
1 M is below B at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U is at Z's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	right	1
1 T is on the left side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	right	1
1 S is above Z at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the bottom right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 H is below and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	left	1
1 G is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	right	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 S is at X's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	right	1
1 O is positioned above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	below	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	above	1
1 G and W are in a vertical line with W below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	above	1
1 G is on the right and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	right	1
1 T presents left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	left	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 U is upper right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 S is at the bottom of X vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	above	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	right	1
1 S is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	left	1
1 E is positioned above C and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 L and J are parallel, and L on the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 C is to the top right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 P and S are parallel, and P on the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	left	1
1 O is positioned below and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The objects Q and O are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 N is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	below	1
1 I is above and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned above and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there and O is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	below	1
1 P is on the top side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	above	1
1 A and I are in a vertical line with A on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	below	1
1 Q is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the bottom right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 K is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	below	1
1 Z and C are parallel, and Z is to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	left	1
1 Z is over A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	below	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 W is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned below S and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 J is lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned below U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 E is directly north east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 I is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	above	1
1 R is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The objects F and T are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 B is placed in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	right	1
1 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 J is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Object C is above object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting at the upper right position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 I is placed at the lower right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the top-right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 M is below and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W is lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	above	1
1 B is on the right side and top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 N is positioned in the front right corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 G is at C's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	left	1
1 K is on the left side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	left	1
1 G is on top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	above	1
1 H and T are horizontal and H is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	right	1
1 F is placed in the left direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 C presents upper left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 N is diagonally left and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 C is placed at the lower left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 P and F are both there with the object P above the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	below	1
1 E is above D at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 E is placed on the top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	above	1
1 A is placed in the left direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	left	1
1 G is on the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	left	1
1 M is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 S is directly south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	left	1
1 L and C are parallel, and L is under C.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	below	1
1 N is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	above	1
1 A is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 W is at C's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	right	1
1 C is over there and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the lower position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	below	1
1 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	left	1
1 F is below and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned above Q and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 W is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	below	1
1 A is on the left side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	right	1
1 V is over there and Z is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 J is over there with B below.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	above	1
1 I is directly north east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 J and I are side by side with J to the left and I to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	right	1
1 U and R are horizontal and U is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 S and D are both there with the object S above the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	above	1
1 P and I are next to each other with P on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	below	1
1 P is diagonally left and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 F and G are parallel, and F is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	right	1
1 V is diagonally right and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the lower right position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	left	1
1 F is on the right and Y is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	left	1
1 C is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 M is below R and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 J is over there and H is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	above	1
1 H is directly north east of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and L is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	above	1
1 F is placed at the upper right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 E presents over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	above	1
1 Y and G are in a vertical line with G below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	below	1
1 V is at J's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	below	1
1 W is over there and B is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	left	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	below	1
1 D is placed on the top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	below	1
1 O is under S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	above	1
1 B and X are both there with the object B is to the right of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	left	1
1 H is diagonally left and above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	below	1
1 P is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there with N above.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	above	1
1 N and Z are parallel, and N is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 J is directly north east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 O is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	above	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 X presents right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	left	1
1 T and B are next to each other with T on the left and B on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	left	1
1 J is above and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 K is above L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	above	1
1 Q is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	right	1
1 P is placed at the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally left and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally right and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned up and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 R and C are horizontal and R is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	left	1
1 Object T is below object O and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N is at the lower side of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	below	1
1 J is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 S is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	left	1
1 C is positioned left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	right	1
1 W and X are vertical and W is above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	above	1
1 S is placed at the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 E and C are next to each other with C on the right and E on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 F is below C and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 G is directly north east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 B is positioned above L and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X is upper right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 G is lower left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	below	1
1 L is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	left	1
1 F is above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 D is south west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 U and I are side by side with U on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	above	1
1 A and B are parallel, and A is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	left	1
1 P is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 M is above O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	above	1
1 A is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 T is south west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 T is above C and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 X and T are next to each other with X on the left and T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	right	1
1 X is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 C is below B at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally right and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, E is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	above	1
1 Q is over there and Y is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	above	1
1 T is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 V is under O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	above	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	right	1
1 O and J are next to each other with J at the bottom O on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	below	1
1 U and V are parallel, and V is below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	above	1
1 Y is below B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	above	1
1 A is at Q's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	below	1
1 W is above and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 D is below B at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 E is at Us 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	right	1
1 Y presents right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	right	1
1 Q is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	right	1
1 I and Q are vertical and I is above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 L presents over W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	below	1
1 Y is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 D is over there and K is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	left	1
1 I is to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at the bottom of V vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	below	1
1 R is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y is on the right side and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the right side and top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 O is above Z at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 N presents left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	right	1
1 E is below and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object Q and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 J and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	left	1
1 M is above A and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Object F is below object S and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 J is north west of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of A vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	left	1
1 I is south west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the top and C is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	left	1
1 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	below	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 X and G are parallel, and G is below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 X is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	above	1
1 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	right	1
1 X and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and X on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	below	1
1 M presents upper right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 S is below and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 O is placed at the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 D and T are parallel, and D is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	left	1
1 H is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Z is above G and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Y and F are vertical and Y is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	above	1
1 B is diagonally left and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 E and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and E on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	right	1
1 F is positioned above and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 U is positioned above S and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 P is north east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the bottom left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 X is directly north east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there and K is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	left	1
1 V is diagonally left and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 W is directly south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 M presents left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	left	1
1 R is above and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 H and A are both there with the object H is to the right of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	right	1
1 E is positioned above P and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	above	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	right	1
1 S is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Q and P are both there with the object P below the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is on the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 E and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and E on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	left	1
1 R is on the right side and top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	left	1
1 Z and H are next to each other with H on the right and Z on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	right	1
1 T is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the top position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	right	1
1 V is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	left	1
1 L and I are next to each other with I on the right and L on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	left	1
1 H and T are side by side with H on the top and T at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	below	1
1 J is positioned down and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the left side of and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 H and O are parallel, and H is on top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	above	1
1 A is on the left and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	right	1
1 H is placed in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	right	1
1 D is placed in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	right	1
1 M is placed in the left direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	left	1
1 V is positioned right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 G is at the bottom of Z vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y presents upper left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 W presents below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	left	1
1 V is to the bottom left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 T is directly south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 A is placed at the lower left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 N is placed in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 U and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	right	1
1 O and K are next to each other with O on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	right	1
1 A and W are side by side with W at the bottom and A on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	below	1
1 S presents left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	left	1
1 L is above D and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the bottom left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Z and H are next to each other with Z on the left and H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	right	1
1 X is positioned above K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Y is positioned left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	left	1
1 B is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	above	1
1 B is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 H is directly south west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Q is above S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	below	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 L and F are horizontal and L is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	left	1
1 N is over there with F below.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 F is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and X is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G and Q are both there with the object Q below the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	above	1
1 C and J are in a vertical line with C on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	above	1
1 V is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Q and Y are vertical and Q is below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	above	1
1 G is positioned below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 O is over there with Z below.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	above	1
1 K is under U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 R is at N's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	right	1
1 T and N are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	above	1
1 H is placed in the right direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	left	1
1 W is south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	above	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 D and I are parallel, and D is under I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	above	1
1 G is lower left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Y is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Q is placed at the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned in the top left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	above	1
1 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	left	1
1 N is below M at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Z and D are vertical and Z is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 A is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 J is above and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 B and A are vertical and B is above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	below	1
1 R and K are parallel, and K is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	left	1
1 E is to the top right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 U is at the lower side of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	above	1
1 N is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	left	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	below	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 S is over there and G is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 W is sitting at the top position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	above	1
1 G is on top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	below	1
1 U is on the lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the left and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is south west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the left and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 N is positioned in the top left corner of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	right	1
1 T is above U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	above	1
1 U is positioned in the lower right corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 U presents upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	above	1
1 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	above	1
1 J is on the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 L presents upper right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 O is lower left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, L is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 V is directly north east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the top side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 X is south east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 B and C are next to each other with C on the right and B on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 K is on the top and M is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 T is below I and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 T and M are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	left	1
1 J is south west of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	left	1
1 J is positioned up and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the left and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 Object E is above object N and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 K presents below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	above	1
1 The objects U and B are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 C is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 S is at Q's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	below	1
1 H is placed at the lower left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 D is above G at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Y and J are horizontal and Y is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the upper right position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 S is under E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	below	1
1 Q is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 F is over there and K is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	right	1
1 X is south east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 B is below G and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 O and F are both there with the object O is to the left of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	right	1
1 N is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 B is placed at the bottom of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	above	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 B is below U at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	left	1
1 J is over there with O above.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	above	1
1 O is directly south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 O is lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z and R are side by side with R at the bottom and Z on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 The objects U and X are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Y and T are next to each other with T at the bottom Y on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K is placed in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is over there and Z is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 W is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 J is under U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	above	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	right	1
1 Z is south west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	below	1
1 Q is lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 J is at Ds 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	left	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 B is at the lower side of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	below	1
1 C is positioned above B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the top-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the lower left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 A is below and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the left and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	left	1
1 R is south east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned above E and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 P presents lower left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 P is upper right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 G presents right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	left	1
1 P is over there and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	right	1
1 B is positioned above S and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	above	1
1 N is over there and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	right	1
1 S presents left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	right	1
1 W is on the right side and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned above and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 U and K are next to each other with U on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 X is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the top-left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 V and N are next to each other with N at the bottom V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 Z is on the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 D is north east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 J is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 M and C are both there with the object M is to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	right	1
1 V is at the lower side of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 N presents left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	right	1
1 W is placed at the lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	below	1
1 N is to the top right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q presents lower left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Q is above D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	above	1
1 U is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	below	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned above and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Z and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	left	1
1 Object C is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	right	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 D and O are side by side with D to the left and O to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	right	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	right	1
1 L is on the left side and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	left	1
1 N is to the left of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	left	1
1 S is positioned above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	below	1
1 M is under B.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	below	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	left	1
1 L is on the right side to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	right	1
1 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the bottom right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned in the top left corner of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned down and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 J is below P and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	below	1
1 T is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 F presents left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 B is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	below	1
1 I and D are next to each other with D on the right and I on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	right	1
1 M is positioned below B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	right	1
1 U is positioned left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	right	1
1 R is sitting at the lower right position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 M presents below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	above	1
1 V and B are vertical and V is above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	above	1
1 G is directly north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and W is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y is south east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 U and W are parallel, and U is under W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	right	1
1 C is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 X is below and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the left side of and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 J is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	right	1
1 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	below	1
1 J is to the top of A vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	above	1
1 C is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	right	1
1 S is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	right	1
1 K is over there and Q is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	left	1
1 W is on the left side of and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the left side of and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 M is north east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the left side and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 R is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 W and F are parallel, and W on the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	left	1
1 B is positioned above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	below	1
1 U and V are side by side with U to the left and V to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	right	1
1 N is above D at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the left and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	right	1
1 A and K are in a vertical line with A on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	below	1
1 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	above	1
1 C is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 U is south east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 S is placed at the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the left side of and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Object C is below object T and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there and R is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 O and T are next to each other with O on the left and T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	right	1
1 T is on top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	below	1
1 H is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	right	1
1 S and U are both there with the object S above the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	above	1
1 R presents upper right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 M is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 X and H are horizontal and X is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	left	1
1 P is positioned above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 J is placed in the left direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	left	1
1 C is positioned up and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 J and Q are parallel, and J is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	left	1
1 F is over there and P is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 L is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 D and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 X is upper right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 F and K are vertical and F is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	below	1
1 K presents upper left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	left	1
1 U is to the left of Y horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 R is below K and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 A is on the top side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	above	1
1 R is to the bottom-right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	above	1
1 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	right	1
1 I and P are parallel, and I is over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	below	1
1 Y is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 T and Y are parallel, and T on the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 I is on the lower left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 P is on the lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Z is under C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 T is below O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there and A is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	below	1
1 R and L are parallel, and L is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	above	1
1 E and X are parallel, and E is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	left	1
1 J is to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	below	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	below	1
1 F is placed on the top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	below	1
1 L is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The objects X and N are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 X is north west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned below and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 K and H are in a vertical line with H below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	above	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Z and T are parallel, and Z is on top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	below	1
1 O is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	right	1
1 X is placed at the upper right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned below and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	right	1
1 Z is placed in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	left	1
1 H presents lower left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 B is at Q's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	left	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	below	1
1 S is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there and D is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	left	1
1 P is over there and U is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	left	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	below	1
1 G and J are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	left	1
1 M is at K's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	right	1
1 K is at Ps 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	left	1
1 O is to the bottom right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally left and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 T is directly below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the right side to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	right	1
1 O presents lower left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting at the lower right position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the bottom-right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Object V is below object G and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 N and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and N on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 B is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 A is below and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the left of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	left	1
1 L is on top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	below	1
1 L is lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 N and U are in a vertical line with N on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	below	1
1 B is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Y is positioned in the top left corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 W and T are both there with the object W is to the right of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	left	1
1 U is to the left of R horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 A is south west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 M is sitting at the lower right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned above and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 M and K are side by side with M to the left and K to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	left	1
1 W and R are side by side with R at the bottom and W on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	above	1
1 C is on the right and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	left	1
1 W is positioned above U and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	right	1
1 B is positioned below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	above	1
1 P is on the left side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 L presents upper right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Object V is below object S and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 S is lower left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 V is placed at the bottom of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 C is positioned above L and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the bottom left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	left	1
1 V is placed in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	right	1
1 F is above and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 F is below O at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 G and W are parallel, and G is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	right	1
1 C is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Object P is below object M and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Y is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	left	1
1 F is on the left side of and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 F is placed on the top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	above	1
1 X is positioned below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	below	1
1 P is directly above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	above	1
1 C is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	below	1
1 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	right	1
1 U is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 S is placed at the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, N is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 E and U are both there with the object E is to the left of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	right	1
1 F is over there with N below.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	below	1
1 L is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 G is above Z and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Y is above I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	above	1
1 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	below	1
1 G presents right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	right	1
1 G is below and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 S is at W's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	below	1
1 A is above and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the bottom left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 K and Y are horizontal and K is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 U and V are both there with the object U above the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	below	1
1 I is on the top side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 I presents right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	left	1
1 U is above and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	right	1
1 L is placed at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	above	1
1 L and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	above	1
1 J is placed at the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the left side to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	right	1
1 F is over there and X is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	right	1
1 I and Y are parallel, and I is over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	above	1
1 N is diagonally right and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	above	1
1 N is on the lower left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 T and G are next to each other with G at the bottom T on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 N is positioned above Z and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 L and C are side by side with C at the bottom and L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	below	1
1 Y is positioned in the top left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 J and E are side by side with J to the right and E to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	right	1
1 G is below W and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 U is north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 T and H are side by side with T to the left and H to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	left	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	below	1
1 U presents lower right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the right of K horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	right	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 S presents over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	below	1
1 W is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 F presents upper right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 V and Y are horizontal and V is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 H is directly above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 C is diagonally above T to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 N is directly north west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	above	1
1 R is above and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	left	1
1 The object D is positioned directly above the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	below	1
1 J is below F and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 T is at S's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	right	1
1 V and C are both there with the object V above the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	below	1
1 Y presents lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The objects H and Q are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	above	1
1 S is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	right	1
1 The object L is positioned directly above the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	above	1
1 O is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally left and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is positioned directly below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 J is sitting at the upper right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 M is above W at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 G is placed on the top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	below	1
1 Y is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the bottom-left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 M is placed at the lower left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Y is north east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the top and B is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	above	1
1 B presents below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	above	1
1 Y is placed in the left direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	right	1
1 J is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object T and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	left	1
1 M is below U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	left	1
1 N is above and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned up and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the left and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 B is diagonally right and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 J is above A and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	right	1
1 Q is over there with N below.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	below	1
1 H is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 J and O are parallel, and J is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	left	1
1 A and C are both there with the object A is to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	left	1
1 L and T are parallel, and T is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	below	1
1 S is lower left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned down and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	left	1
1 I presents upper left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 B is over there and X is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	below	1
1 F is directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 U presents over R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	below	1
1 M and F are parallel, and M is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	right	1
1 F is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	right	1
1 L is to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 N is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	left	1
1 G is at Ss 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	above	1
1 T and R are vertical and T is above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	below	1
1 J is diagonally right and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 J is above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	above	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, N is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Object F is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 E presents upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Y and C are both there with the object Y above the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	left	1
1 S is at the bottom of C vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 K is over there and G is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	below	1
1 S is on the left and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	left	1
1 M is diagonally right and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 O is placed at the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 T is below O and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Y and J are both there with the object Y is to the left of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 X and W are parallel, and X on the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	left	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 T is below and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 L is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	below	1
1 A is placed in the left direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	left	1
1 K is positioned below and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P and U are parallel, and P is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	left	1
1 G is north east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object W and R are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Object B is below object I and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 K is lower left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned below Q and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 A is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 N is above M and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the top and N is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	below	1
1 D is to the right of L horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 O is diagonally right and above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	left	1
1 J and N are parallel, and J on the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	left	1
1 N is to the top right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 X and E are in a vertical line with X on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	below	1
1 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	below	1
1 P and W are side by side with W at the bottom and P on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	above	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	right	1
1 J and B are vertical and J is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	below	1
1 P is over there and X is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	left	1
1 E is on the left side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	right	1
1 W is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 V is placed on the top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	below	1
1 G presents left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Z presents below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 D and B are next to each other with B at the bottom D on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	above	1
1 C is sitting at the lower right position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there with I above.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	above	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	right	1
1 K presents right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	right	1
1 Q is on the lower left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned down and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 K is at N's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	right	1
1 A presents lower right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 C is south east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Q and K are in a vertical line with Q on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 P is positioned in the top left corner of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Y is placed at the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object O and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 F presents left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 Object S is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Object I is above object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Y is placed on the top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	above	1
1 N is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	above	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 I is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	left	1
1 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	below	1
1 P is positioned left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	left	1
1 U is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 R is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the top right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the left side of and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 X is at Ts 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	left	1
1 O is positioned down and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned in the top left corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	left	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 J is positioned below U and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the bottom and A is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	above	1
1 O is over I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	below	1
1 J and X are next to each other with J on the top and X at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	below	1
1 N is south east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 J is placed on the top of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 O is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 V is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 I is over there and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	left	1
1 T is to the bottom-right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 O and A are parallel, and O on the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 V is below and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned in the front right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the upper left position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	right	1
1 J is below G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	below	1
1 Y is sitting in the left direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	below	1
1 X is at the bottom of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	below	1
1 B is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the right of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	right	1
1 J is directly above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	left	1
1 U is on the right side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	left	1
1 E is under L.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	below	1
1 V is at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	below	1
1 O is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	right	1
1 T is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 A is above G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 J is below R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	below	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	below	1
1 A is above X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	above	1
1 T is at Rs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	right	1
1 Y is under T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	below	1
1 C is positioned left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	right	1
1 J and C are side by side with C at the bottom and J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	below	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 X presents left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	left	1
1 I is on the top side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	above	1
1 F is positioned in the top left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 V and X are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	right	1
1 S is positioned above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	above	1
1 Z is positioned below and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 I presents over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	below	1
1 S is placed at the lower left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I and X are vertical and I is above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	below	1
1 V and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	left	1
1 A is to the bottom left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 F and L are in a vertical line with F on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 X and L are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	right	1
1 C is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 G is above and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 V and W are side by side with V to the right and W to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	left	1
1 R is placed at the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 H presents lower right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned above and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is positioned directly below the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	above	1
1 Z is on the left side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The objects K and C are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	right	1
1 T is to the top-right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 X is at the bottom and C is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	below	1
1 U is positioned above and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 O is upper right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned down and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 W is upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the right of S horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	left	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 T and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	right	1
1 P is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 P presents left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	right	1
1 J is positioned below D and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the left side of and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 E and I are both there with the object E is to the right of object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	right	1
1 G is on the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Z is south east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U and A are parallel, and U is over A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The objects M and N are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 B and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and B on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object E and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 U is over there and L is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	below	1
1 K is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	right	1
1 Q and M are both there with the object Q is to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	left	1
1 P presents over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	below	1
1 U is directly south west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 N is placed on the top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	above	1
1 Q is under Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Y and L are horizontal and Y is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	left	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 W is above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Z presents lower right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 O is placed at the bottom of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the lower right position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 X is placed in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	right	1
1 K is placed in the left direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	left	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	above	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower right position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 K is placed at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	above	1
1 Q and E are parallel, and Q is on top of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	above	1
1 Z is positioned down and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 X is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Y and W are parallel, and Y on the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	left	1
1 F is directly north west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 F is below L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	below	1
1 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	above	1
1 U and I are parallel, and U on the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	left	1
1 L is at H's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	below	1
1 Y is above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	above	1
1 L is placed at the bottom of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	above	1
1 I is sitting at the top position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	below	1
1 T is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	right	1
1 V is on the left side and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 X is above E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	above	1
1 J is positioned below K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 P is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	left	1
1 P is at Ds 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	left	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 B is over there with V below.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	above	1
1 F is over there and H is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	above	1
1 L is to the bottom-left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 R is on the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Z is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	below	1
1 B is on the right and U is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 T and F are parallel, and T is under F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	above	1
1 The objects N and C are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 K is placed on the top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	below	1
1 X is over there with Y below.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally left and above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 U and P are parallel, and P is below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	left	1
1 E is on the left side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	left	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	above	1
1 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the left and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	left	1
1 T and E are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	below	1
1 O is over there and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 J is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	right	1
1 K is positioned above E and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 T presents over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	above	1
1 R is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 B is north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 T presents lower right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 P is above H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object M and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object L and T are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 E is placed at the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 E is north east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 V is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 R and A are parallel, and R on the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	left	1
1 Q is above T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	below	1
1 G is positioned in the front right corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally left and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 C is directly north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The objects F and K are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned above and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned below A and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the left side of and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the left of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 A and B are side by side with A to the right and B to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	right	1
1 Y presents lower left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	left	1
1 F is at the bottom and H is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	below	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the right side and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 G is directly north east of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the right and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	left	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	below	1
1 C is on the right side and top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the left side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	left	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 S and E are next to each other with E on the right and S on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	right	1
1 Z and H are side by side with Z to the right and H to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	left	1
1 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	below	1
1 L is on the left side and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 C and Z are both there with the object C is to the right of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	right	1
1 A is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned below B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned above R and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 V presents right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	left	1
1 P is to the bottom-left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	right	1
1 G is to the left of P horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	left	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 F is over there and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	right	1
1 L is on the right side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	left	1
1 Q is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there and J is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 G presents left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	right	1
1 B is above W at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the left and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	left	1
1 G is positioned down and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 L and Z are parallel, and L is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	right	1
1 I is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	right	1
1 K is below T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents lower left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 H is over there and K is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	below	1
1 Y is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 B presents upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally right and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the right of R horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 B is at the bottom of P vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Q is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the upper right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned above K and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the top side to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	below	1
1 Object P is below object D and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 B is positioned below J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	below	1
1 A is over there and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	right	1
1 T presents left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the upper right position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting in the right direction of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	left	1
1 Z is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 N is over there and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The object H and S are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 A is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 D is over there with A below.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	below	1
1 K is north east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned down and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned above M and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	right	1
1 X and B are both there with the object X above the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	above	1
1 J is over there and T is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	above	1
1 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	right	1
1 M is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	above	1
1 L is on the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 J and T are horizontal and J is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	right	1
1 T is placed on the top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 C is directly above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	above	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 D and Q are parallel, and D on the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	left	1
1 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 H is on the lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	below	1
1 The objects X and D are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Q and C are in a vertical line with C below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	below	1
1 I is positioned above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	above	1
1 O is on the left and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	right	1
1 Z is north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the left side of and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L and X are parallel, and L is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, D is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 O and E are next to each other with E at the bottom O on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	below	1
1 F is at the bottom of A vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	above	1
1 X is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 G presents lower right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 J is positioned up and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 X and S are horizontal and X is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	right	1
1 Q is north west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 E is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally left and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally left and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The objects S and Z are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 U is placed at the lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the left side and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 V and L are horizontal and V is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	left	1
1 Z is on the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly below the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 U is over there and K is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	below	1
1 M is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 N is lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the top side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 R is positioned above and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 R is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	below	1
1 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	above	1
1 X is positioned below Z and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	above	1
1 V is positioned in the top left corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z and P are horizontal and Z is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 R and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 M and F are both there with the object M above the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	below	1
1 U and A are next to each other with U on the top and A at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	below	1
1 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Z is over there with C above.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	above	1
1 G is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	right	1
1 W and A are vertical and W is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	above	1
1 P and E are in a vertical line with E below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	above	1
1 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	right	1
1 L is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	left	1
1 T is to the top-left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 M is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object E and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 M is sitting at the upper left position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 R is directly north west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object W and M are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	above	1
1 W is on the right side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	right	1
1 F is below K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 F is above and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 A is positioned below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	above	1
1 K is positioned right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	right	1
1 R is below B and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U is at Bs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	left	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 W and A are next to each other with W on the top and A at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	below	1
1 I is directly below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	above	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 A presents right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	right	1
1 H is lower left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 H is over there and G is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	above	1
1 E and C are side by side with E on the top and C at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	above	1
1 W is positioned right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	right	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	right	1
1 V is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the top right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there with V below.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	right	1
1 Y and Q are parallel, and Y on the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	right	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Object T is below object F and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 W presents below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	below	1
1 C is to the bottom-right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	below	1
1 U is on the right side and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 U and Z are parallel, and U on the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	left	1
1 H is at the lower side of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The objects G and Q are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the lower left position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 H and U are parallel, and H is under U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	above	1
1 F is positioned above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	below	1
1 W is over there and U is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	above	1
1 F is over there and I is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	right	1
1 W is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	right	1
1 Y is positioned above and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 X and D are parallel, and X is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	below	1
1 V is at Ls 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	right	1
1 P and F are both there with the object P is to the left of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	right	1
1 S and D are side by side with S to the right and D to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 N presents below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 G is over there and Y is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	right	1
1 V is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	left	1
1 O is sitting in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the lower right position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 C is above F and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 R presents below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	above	1
1 T is directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	below	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	left	1
1 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	left	1
1 I is on the top and G is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	above	1
1 J and Y are parallel, and J is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	right	1
1 L and J are next to each other with L on the top and J at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	above	1
1 I is south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 V and D are horizontal and V is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	left	1
1 B is over there with N above.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 E is positioned right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	right	1
1 V is diagonally left and above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 W is placed on the top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	below	1
1 E is above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	below	1
1 O is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Z and Y are side by side with Z to the left and Y to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	right	1
1 I is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	right	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	above	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 V and E are in a vertical line with V on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	above	1
1 Y is on the top side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	above	1
1 T is at the bottom of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 F is positioned up and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 B is placed in the left direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 M presents lower left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned below J and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned in the top left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 R is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	above	1
1 C is positioned down and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the left of H horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	right	1
1 U and M are vertical and U is above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 P is north east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 O and L are next to each other with O on the left and L on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	left	1
1 Q is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 M is positioned left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	left	1
1 B is over there and D is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	below	1
1 P presents lower right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 N and C are side by side with N to the left and C to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	left	1
1 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	left	1
1 N is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	left	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	right	1
1 O is to the right of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	left	1
1 W is on the left side of and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned in the front right corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 I and B are horizontal and I is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the lower right position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 J is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 B is sitting at the top position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	below	1
1 C and E are next to each other with C on the left and E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	left	1
1 V is on the right side and below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 F is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	above	1
1 K is positioned below U and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 K is over there and Q is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 A and J are both there with the object A is to the right of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	left	1
1 W is to the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 H presents lower left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 R and L are side by side with R to the right and L to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 S is at F's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	above	1
1 T and M are horizontal and T is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	right	1
1 S is directly north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Z and Q are side by side with Z to the right and Q to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	left	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Object K is below object F and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned down and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 U is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the top side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	below	1
1 R is placed at the lower right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 R is north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned below C and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally right and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at Bs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	left	1
1 Z is to the top-left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 H and R are parallel, and H is on top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	below	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 T presents right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	left	1
1 L is positioned down and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 E is south west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the right and G is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 S is directly south west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the right and B is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	left	1
1 G is on the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 W is above V and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the bottom of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 B is below N and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 C is at Ts 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	right	1
1 D is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L is at the bottom of F vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	above	1
1 J is sitting at the lower right position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is south west of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 M is at Hs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 A is at the bottom and F is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	below	1
1 D is at the bottom of E vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object F is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	right	1
1 H is lower left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the right side and top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	left	1
1 G is directly north east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 P and W are next to each other with P on the left and W on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	right	1
1 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	left	1
1 S is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 L is below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	below	1
1 U and D are parallel, and U is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	below	1
1 Y is positioned in the front right corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the right and W is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 D is south west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	below	1
1 X is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	left	1
1 C is over there with K below.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	below	1
1 E is sitting at the top position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	below	1
1 T is below S at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the right and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	right	1
1 G and Y are parallel, and G is on top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Object W is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 K is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Object G is above object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Z and G are parallel, and Z is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	below	1
1 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	below	1
1 R is above and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 J and U are parallel, and J on the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	right	1
1 A is at the bottom of J vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	below	1
1 K and Y are in a vertical line with Y below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 L is on the lower left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Q is below C at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 M is positioned in the lower right corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 R is sitting at the lower position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	above	1
1 N is positioned down and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 C is positioned below Z and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	left	1
1 M and L are parallel, and M on the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	left	1
1 L is to the upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, E is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Y is placed on the top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 V is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the right of R horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	left	1
1 H is over there and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	left	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the right of P horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	right	1
1 P is on the right and D is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	right	1
1 Q is south west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the left side of and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 B is above and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Y is directly south west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 P is on the left and K is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	left	1
1 Z is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 H and E are parallel, and H is over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	right	1
1 The objects A and J are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the upper right position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 T and H are next to each other with T on the top and H at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	above	1
1 C is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	left	1
1 L is positioned above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	above	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 N and W are vertical and N is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	above	1
1 X is on the right side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	right	1
1 G is positioned left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	right	1
1 I is placed at the lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 R presents right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	left	1
1 V is at Qs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	right	1
1 S is sitting at the lower left position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Y and W are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	left	1
1 I is above P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	below	1
1 L is placed at the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z is at Cs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	left	1
1 I is directly north west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned below Q and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Z is directly above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	below	1
1 W presents below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	below	1
1 U is over there with A below.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	above	1
1 F is on the left side and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	above	1
1 S is to the top-left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 F is placed in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	left	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Y and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom Y on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 D is directly above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	above	1
1 H is lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting at the upper left position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 N and Z are parallel, and N on the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 A and D are both there with the object A is to the right of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	left	1
1 N is north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 E is over there and B is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	above	1
1 M is to the top of B vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	above	1
1 Y is positioned below X and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 O is over there and K is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 W and K are both there with the object W above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	below	1
1 J is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	above	1
1 N is over there and U is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	left	1
1 D is on the left and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	right	1
1 Object A is above object E and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 C and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and C on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 V is directly north east of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 U presents over Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	below	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 W is below X at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned below B and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the top right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P is directly south west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 M is diagonally right and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 K is placed in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	left	1
1 E is on the top side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	below	1
1 E is above X and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 R is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	below	1
1 Y and A are parallel, and Y on the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	left	1
1 W presents upper right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 G is above T at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the right and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	right	1
1 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	above	1
1 Q is over there and X is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	right	1
1 J presents lower right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the left side and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 P presents lower left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Y is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	left	1
1 L and J are parallel, and L is on top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	above	1
1 W is lower left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 G is placed at the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	left	1
1 A and U are next to each other with U at the bottom A on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	below	1
1 The objects S and E are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Y and F are horizontal and Y is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	right	1
1 O is to the bottom right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H and W are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	left	1
1 D is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	left	1
1 E and P are in a vertical line with E on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	above	1
1 W is north east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 G is below P and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the right side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	right	1
1 W presents lower right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 S and Y are side by side with S on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	below	1
1 G is to the bottom left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the bottom-right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D is below and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Y is placed at the lower right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 X is north east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	above	1
1 J and X are parallel, and J on the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	left	1
1 X is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	left	1
1 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	below	1
1 Z is above H at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 T is over there and F is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 L is upper right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 S and P are side by side with S on the top and P at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	below	1
1 O is above and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 E is diagonally left and above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Y presents lower left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 M and N are parallel, and M is on top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	below	1
1 M is diagonally left and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	below	1
1 P is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	below	1
1 H and J are horizontal and H is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	right	1
1 X is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	left	1
1 Q is positioned above and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned below P and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 K is over there with Q below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	below	1
1 I is positioned in the top left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	right	1
1 H is positioned down and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 L and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 H is placed at the lower left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	below	1
1 F is on the right and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	right	1
1 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	left	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The objects G and D are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 S is sitting at the lower left position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 P is below Z at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	right	1
1 U is directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	below	1
1 O is positioned below B and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 S is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	left	1
1 B is below and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	right	1
1 Q is directly south east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 D is diagonally right and above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned in the top left corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 U is at Ps 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	left	1
1 D is over there and Q is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	above	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned up and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	right	1
1 R is over there and T is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the bottom right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 A is directly north west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 N is south west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 L and I are parallel, and L is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	left	1
1 C is over there and B is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	below	1
1 H is south west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W and G are both there with the object W above the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	below	1
1 G is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 Y and L are parallel, and Y is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	left	1
1 D is placed at the lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	right	1
1 F is directly above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	above	1
1 X is to the bottom-left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the right side and top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 N and X are parallel, and N on the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	right	1
1 N and O are both there with the object N is to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	left	1
1 D is placed in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	left	1
1 A is on the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S is above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	below	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower right position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 I and S are horizontal and I is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	left	1
1 Q is positioned up and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 K and B are both there with the object K is to the right of object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 T is placed at the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 C is below O and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	above	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	left	1
1 B is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	left	1
1 J is diagonally left and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is directly north east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	left	1
1 W is at the bottom of N vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	above	1
1 M and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	right	1
1 I is above K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	above	1
1 K and G are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	right	1
1 M is on the right side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	left	1
1 A is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object R and W are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 L and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	left	1
1 O is at the lower side of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	above	1
1 W is to the left of V horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object B and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, E is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 L and J are next to each other with L on the left and J on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 T is directly south west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	left	1
1 U presents right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	left	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 W and N are parallel, and W on the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 M and P are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	right	1
1 C is placed in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	right	1
1 A is to the right of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 Y is to the top of C vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	below	1
1 U is to the top-right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 A is directly above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	above	1
1 T and V are next to each other with T on the top and V at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 C is on the lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 H is directly north east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	right	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	left	1
1 R is diagonally left and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 J is below C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	above	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned down and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	below	1
1 Y and P are in a vertical line with Y on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	above	1
1 G and R are parallel, and G is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	left	1
1 V is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	right	1
1 R is to the top-left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Z is placed at the lower left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned in the top left corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 S and T are next to each other with T at the bottom S on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	below	1
1 Q is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 S presents left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	right	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	left	1
1 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	above	1
1 R and H are parallel, and R is over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	below	1
1 N is above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 T is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	below	1
1 A and V are vertical and A is above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	above	1
1 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	above	1
1 A is sitting at the top position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 Y is on top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	above	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the top and M is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	below	1
1 L is lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 S is above C at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the upper right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 U is below B at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 A is upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 I and N are in a vertical line with N below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	above	1
1 L is above and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 I and L are next to each other with I on the top and L at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	above	1
1 V is above R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 U is directly above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	below	1
1 M and D are parallel, and M is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	below	1
1 L is to the left of P horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	right	1
1 I is on the left side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	left	1
1 L and C are side by side with L to the right and C to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	left	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	right	1
1 Q is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	left	1
1 L is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 F is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 B and H are parallel, and B is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 Y is positioned right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Q and U are next to each other with Q on the top and U at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	above	1
1 P is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	below	1
1 M is below and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed at the lower right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the top of F vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	above	1
1 H is south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 T is on top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	above	1
1 F is on top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	below	1
1 G is placed on the top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	above	1
1 The objects L and B are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 F presents lower right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Object V is below object N and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 U and B are parallel, and U is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	right	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the bottom-left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 F is over there and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	right	1
1 P and C are side by side with P on the top and C at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	below	1
1 Z is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object M is positioned directly above the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	below	1
1 I is placed at the lower left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 U is above Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	below	1
1 F is positioned below Y and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 E and P are parallel, and E on the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	right	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 M presents lower right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 K is over there and T is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is directly south east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 A is over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	below	1
1 L is positioned above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	above	1
1 T is positioned below and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the left of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 T is below P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 D and P are in a vertical line with D on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	above	1
1 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 H and O are next to each other with H on the left and O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	right	1
1 O is to the bottom right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	left	1
1 P presents below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	above	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 X is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	below	1
1 J and Y are horizontal and J is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	right	1
1 S is south west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 V and E are both there with the object V above the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the left side to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	right	1
1 K is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	below	1
1 A is to the top of J vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	below	1
1 C is under P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	above	1
1 A is above T and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	left	1
1 J is placed at the bottom of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y is at the lower side of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 H is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 H is above D at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 A presents upper left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 E is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Z is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	right	1
1 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	above	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Y is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 D and P are side by side with D to the left and P to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	left	1
1 E is on top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	above	1
1 Z and A are parallel, and Z is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	above	1
1 I and U are horizontal and I is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	left	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	below	1
1 Y presents upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 R is above U at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 T and K are next to each other with T on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	above	1
1 J is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 The objects D and U are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	right	1
1 R is on the top and W is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	above	1
1 C and L are vertical and C is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	above	1
1 Q is at L's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	right	1
1 I is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 J and C are horizontal and J is to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	left	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 X is positioned below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	above	1
1 L is sitting at the lower position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	above	1
1 M is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	left	1
1 C is placed on the top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Y and B are both there with the object B below the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	below	1
1 C is over there with P below.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	above	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 X is at the lower side of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	below	1
1 X is to the top-right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Z is north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 F is diagonally left and above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 The object K is positioned directly above the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	below	1
1 M is placed at the lower left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned below A and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 E and Z are in a vertical line with Z below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	below	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	below	1
1 Q is on top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 V is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	right	1
1 L is to the right of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	right	1
1 K and Z are both there with the object K is to the right of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	right	1
1 W is to the bottom right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 B is lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 B is over there with U below.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	left	1
1 H is at the bottom of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 S and P are both there with the object P below the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	below	1
1 O and X are horizontal and O is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	left	1
1 M is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	left	1
1 B is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 C is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 J is directly north east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 C is below P and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 K is above A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	above	1
1 M is directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	above	1
1 E is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 U is at Q's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 E and B are horizontal and E is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	left	1
1 W is to the left of F horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	right	1
1 W is over there and B is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	right	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	right	1
1 Y is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	below	1
1 P is directly north east of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	right	1
1 P and O are next to each other with O on the right and P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	left	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 D and Z are horizontal and D is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	right	1
1 C is positioned left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 X is over there with N below.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	below	1
1 I and J are horizontal and I is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	right	1
1 U is on the left side and above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 K and M are both there with the object K is to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 A is over O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	left	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom-right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 X is at the bottom of A vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	below	1
1 Object W is below object N and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Y and N are next to each other with N on the right and Y on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the left side of and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 K and J are parallel, and K is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	right	1
1 D is at the bottom and S is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	below	1
1 O is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 V is directly north west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the left side of and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 V is south east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 V is placed at the bottom of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	above	1
1 V is under I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 P presents upper left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 F is directly south west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 G is at N's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	right	1
1 The objects W and I are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	right	1
1 B is on the top side to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object J is positioned directly below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	below	1
1 J is on the top side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	above	1
1 I and L are parallel, and I is over L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	below	1
1 Q is south west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 U is placed at the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Y and T are next to each other with Y on the left and T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	left	1
1 N and M are parallel, and N is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	right	1
1 F is below S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	below	1
1 The object B is positioned directly below the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	above	1
1 B is diagonally left and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned above J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned above W and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the left of L horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	right	1
1 J is positioned right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	right	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	right	1
1 Q is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	above	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	right	1
1 E is over there with L above.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q is to the bottom-left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 F presents lower right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	above	1
1 M is on the right side and top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 L is diagonally left and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 F and Y are parallel, and Y is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	below	1
1 M is on the left side of and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there and W is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	below	1
1 V is to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 W is below and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 S and D are in a vertical line with S on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	above	1
1 T is positioned in the front right corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 R is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the left side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	left	1
1 X and K are parallel, and X is under K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	above	1
1 I is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	below	1
1 N and A are in a vertical line with A below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	above	1
1 T is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 P is directly south east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 D is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	below	1
1 A is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object T and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H is lower right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the bottom left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The object U is positioned directly above the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	above	1
1 R is positioned below U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the right side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	right	1
1 H is to the right of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	right	1
1 C is positioned above Y and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 F is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	below	1
1 X and Y are horizontal and X is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	right	1
1 K is placed at the lower left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 C is over there and O is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	left	1
1 M is lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	left	1
1 R is to the bottom-left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	left	1
1 U and L are parallel, and U is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 The objects A and U are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 F and G are both there with the object F is to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned below P and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 G is at K's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	above	1
1 P is on the left side and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there and X is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	below	1
1 F and H are in a vertical line with H below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	above	1
1 E is directly south east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 L is directly north east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 P is sitting at the upper left position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Q is directly south east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the left side of and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 O presents left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 S is to the top-left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned above and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	above	1
1 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	right	1
1 H and B are parallel, and H is under B.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	below	1
1 J is diagonally right and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned in the top left corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	left	1
1 D is on top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	above	1
1 O is on the right side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	right	1
1 U presents lower left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	above	1
1 Y is positioned right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object A and Y are there. The object Y is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	left	1
1 W is over there with K above.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object E and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Y is over there and F is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	right	1
1 I is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and T is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	right	1
1 B is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	above	1
1 V and L are vertical and V is above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	below	1
1 I is to the right of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	below	1
1 J and F are vertical and J is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	below	1
1 U is to the left of X horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	left	1
1 X is below D at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 A is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 S and R are in a vertical line with S on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 H is on the left side and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 O is upper right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 E is over there and B is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	above	1
1 S is placed at the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 B is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the right side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E presents over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 P is positioned in the front right corner of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Z is placed at the upper right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the left of R horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 B and Q are both there with the object B is to the right of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 E is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	right	1
1 K presents upper left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Z is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object S is positioned directly below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 B is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	left	1
1 V presents right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	right	1
1 The objects Q and Y are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 M is upper right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 U and K are parallel, and U on the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	left	1
1 Object X is below object S and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 O is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 K is over there and T is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 A is to the top right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the left side of and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M and N are vertical and M is above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	below	1
1 G and S are side by side with G to the left and S to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	right	1
1 F is to the left of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	left	1
1 C is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	right	1
1 J is placed in the left direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	left	1
1 A is over there with T below.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	below	1
1 C is over there and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	left	1
1 S is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	right	1
1 A is placed in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	right	1
1 K is on the left side and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Y is directly south east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E is upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Object V is below object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 C is positioned above and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Y is directly north west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	right	1
1 Y and C are parallel, and Y is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	left	1
1 C is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	above	1
1 U is over there with H above.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 Q is below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	above	1
1 F is positioned left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	left	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 W is north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 F is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Q and B are horizontal and Q is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Y is above A at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O and V are parallel, and O is to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	left	1
1 H is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	above	1
1 O presents lower left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 I is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	below	1
1 U and L are in a vertical line with U on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	above	1
1 X and G are parallel, and X on the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	left	1
1 L is diagonally left and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 O is below S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	above	1
1 F is to the bottom-left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 I is at the bottom and O is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	below	1
1 B is over there and A is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 I and R are parallel, and I is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	left	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 F is positioned in the front right corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 W is at Ds 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	right	1
1 P presents upper right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 T and Q are parallel, and T is over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	above	1
1 F is north east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting at the top position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	below	1
1 K and X are parallel, and K is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	below	1
1 R is directly south west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 B is positioned below R and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	right	1
1 J and E are horizontal and J is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	right	1
1 G is sitting at the top position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	above	1
1 M and Q are parallel, and M is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	left	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	above	1
1 X presents lower left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 J is at the bottom and A is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	above	1
1 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	below	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 O is above Y at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 V and U are parallel, and V on the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	right	1
1 H and B are both there with the object B below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	above	1
1 G and B are vertical and G is above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	below	1
1 E is diagonally left and above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 T is directly north east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting at the top position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	above	1
1 O is north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 T presents right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	left	1
1 Q and A are next to each other with A at the bottom Q on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	above	1
1 Q is positioned down and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned down and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting in the left direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	left	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	left	1
1 The objects D and H are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	left	1
1 P and U are both there with the object P is to the right of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	left	1
1 Object B is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	left	1
1 Z is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G is above and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 A is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	left	1
1 X is below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	below	1
1 Z is sitting at the upper right position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed at the lower left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the left side and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	right	1
1 I is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 A is above Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	above	1
1 T is directly north east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper left position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 M presents upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 J is over there with D below.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	below	1
1 Y and H are side by side with Y to the left and H to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object F is positioned directly above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	below	1
1 O is to the right of F horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 B is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the left of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned below and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	right	1
1 E and S are parallel, and S is below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 B is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 T is over there and G is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	left	1
1 Z is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	above	1
1 S is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	left	1
1 V is on the right side and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 T is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the left side of and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 P is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	above	1
1 Q is above and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting in the right direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	right	1
1 K and I are both there with the object K is to the right of object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	right	1
1 O is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 L is over there with Y above.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Z presents over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	above	1
1 L is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	left	1
1 Z is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 U and J are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	left	1
1 O and M are next to each other with O on the top and M at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	below	1
1 S presents right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Object K is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the left side of and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 S presents over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	below	1
1 L is under C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	above	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 B is directly above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B and L are next to each other with L on the right and B on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	right	1
1 Y is placed at the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	right	1
1 L is above E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	above	1
1 P is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 P is diagonally right and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	below	1
1 C is above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 M and W are both there with the object M above the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	above	1
1 Q and T are parallel, and Q on the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	right	1
1 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	above	1
1 M is to the top-left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M and L are side by side with M to the left and L to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	right	1
1 N is placed at the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	right	1
1 L is to the top right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 T presents upper left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 P presents right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 V is positioned below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 F and E are parallel, and F is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	right	1
1 E is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	right	1
1 K is positioned down and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 N and K are in a vertical line with K below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	below	1
1 O is on the right side and top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 I is above and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Z and P are in a vertical line with P below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	above	1
1 Object S is below object E and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	left	1
1 X is lower left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object M is positioned directly above the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	above	1
1 A is to the bottom right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 S is directly south west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The objects A and Q are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 I is above and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the right side and top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the top right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 K is sitting at the upper right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The objects C and X are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 P is below H and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there with Y above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	above	1
1 H is directly south east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 G is below Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	below	1
1 U and K are parallel, and K is below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 O presents upper right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 J is below and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 X and V are side by side with X to the left and V to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	left	1
1 K is over there with F below.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 D is on the upper right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 U is below L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	above	1
1 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	left	1
1 Object A is below object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 J presents lower left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 E and S are both there with the object S below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally left and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 I is sitting at the lower right position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	left	1
1 E is placed at the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 F is over there and X is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	above	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	right	1
1 E is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	above	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 K is directly above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	above	1
1 I and C are horizontal and I is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	left	1
1 I is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 D and F are both there with the object F below the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	below	1
1 R is sitting at the upper right position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 V is over there with Z below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	below	1
1 F and H are parallel, and F is on top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	above	1
1 X presents over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	below	1
1 T is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	above	1
1 H and W are next to each other with H on the top and W at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is to the top of C vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 A is above and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	right	1
1 W is over there and V is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	below	1
1 H is directly north east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	left	1
1 X is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 C is over there and L is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	below	1
1 G presents over S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	above	1
1 Z is above U at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 R and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	left	1
1 E presents lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Z is directly north east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 G and T are both there with the object G is to the left of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	right	1
1 L is directly below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	below	1
1 P is to the top-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the left and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	left	1
1 Y presents upper left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	right	1
1 S is on the right side and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	left	1
1 M is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 V is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 X is above L at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	left	1
1 X is on the left side of and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at the lower side of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	above	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 C and U are parallel, and C is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	below	1
1 C is on the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 H and B are next to each other with H on the left and B on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	right	1
1 K is at the bottom of P vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	above	1
1 M is north west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 R and Y are parallel, and Y is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	below	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned above L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned above E and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 E is over there and L is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	right	1
1 V is directly south west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 S is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	below	1
1 Q is placed at the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 X and C are next to each other with C at the bottom X on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	below	1
1 N is to the bottom-right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 M is upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object W and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 W is on the upper right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	left	1
1 The object W and Y are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 K and B are next to each other with K on the top and B at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	below	1
1 Object K is below object E and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 W is over there with O above.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	above	1
1 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	below	1
1 L is placed in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	left	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	left	1
1 C is directly north west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there with X above.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	above	1
1 W is over there and U is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	above	1
1 F is placed at the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there with C below.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	above	1
1 T is lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 B is below I and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the left and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	right	1
1 X is lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 P is above K at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	left	1
1 O is on the left side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	right	1
1 M is positioned down and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 V is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 P is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the left side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	right	1
1 Q is below X at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally left and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 M and X are both there with the object M is to the right of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	left	1
1 C and F are parallel, and C is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	right	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	left	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 K and I are both there with the object K above the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	below	1
1 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, L is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the bottom right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the upper right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Object M is below object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the right side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	left	1
1 X is upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 H is placed on the top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	above	1
1 S is on the left side and above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 P is directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	below	1
1 R is at I's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	right	1
1 O is below L at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 L and J are parallel, and L is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 F is sitting at the lower right position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 L and I are both there with the object L is to the left of object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	left	1
1 L is sitting at the upper right position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	above	1
1 P is at the bottom and O is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	above	1
1 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the top of B vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	below	1
1 D is at Ps 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	left	1
1 C is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 N and L are side by side with N to the right and L to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	right	1
1 B is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	right	1
1 W is directly above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	above	1
1 M is below and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	right	1
1 N is positioned up and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 N is sitting at the lower left position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is at N's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	right	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the top-right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the top and F is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	below	1
1 V is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 M is at Ls 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	left	1
1 W is placed at the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Q is over there and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	left	1
1 N is below K and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 V and S are side by side with V to the right and S to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	right	1
1 Y is positioned below Q and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting at the upper right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 B is south east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 E and W are next to each other with E on the left and W on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	left	1
1 S and V are next to each other with V at the bottom S on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	above	1
1 P is to the top of R vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	above	1
1 C is positioned left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	right	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 I is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 I is at Ls 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	right	1
1 N is to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 U is at Q's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 V is at U's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	left	1
1 The object L and X are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the bottom left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally right and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z and R are next to each other with Z on the top and R at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 J is over there with H below.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	below	1
1 T is over R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	below	1
1 H is diagonally above Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The objects V and I are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	below	1
1 C is positioned in the top left corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned above E and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 P is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 F is placed in the right direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	right	1
1 I and S are side by side with I to the right and S to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	below	1
1 Q is over there with C below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	above	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	left	1
1 O is positioned in the front right corner of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the top of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Y is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 X is at Ls 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	right	1
1 N is above A at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Q is north east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned up and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 O is sitting at the top position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	above	1
1 V is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 S is below J and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	above	1
1 Z and I are next to each other with Z on the left and I on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	left	1
1 L is above Y at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object E and T are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the top position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	above	1
1 G is over there and U is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	left	1
1 R is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	left	1
1 D is above and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y is below T and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 W is directly north east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 I is over there with Z below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	below	1
1 X and Q are parallel, and X on the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	right	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 K and N are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 F is diagonally left and above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 P is diagonally left and below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the right of T horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	right	1
1 R is directly above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	above	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	left	1
1 X is south east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the top and D is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q is positioned below D and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	right	1
1 Z and R are horizontal and Z is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	right	1
1 K and J are both there with the object J below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	below	1
1 N is directly north east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 H is above T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	left	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	above	1
1 The object E is positioned directly above the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	below	1
1 G and L are side by side with G to the left and L to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	right	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	right	1
1 I and M are side by side with I to the left and M to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	left	1
1 W is below E and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 X is sitting at the top position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	above	1
1 X is positioned up and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 U is positioned down and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 X presents below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	above	1
1 Q is positioned above J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 J is at N's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is to the bottom-right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 O is at H's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	right	1
1 B is placed in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	right	1
1 S is over there and W is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	right	1
1 Q is on the right and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	right	1
1 W presents over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	above	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 W is placed at the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 H is below D and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 A is south west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 N is positioned in the front right corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R and N are parallel, and R is over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	below	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 L and R are next to each other with R at the bottom L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	above	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 B is below G and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 U is below O and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Q presents over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	below	1
1 I is on the right side and top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 K is above U and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 H is directly north west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 V and J are parallel, and V is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	left	1
1 A and B are side by side with B at the bottom and A on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	below	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 H is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 I is below and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	right	1
1 X presents left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	right	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	below	1
1 H is at S's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	below	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	below	1
1 D is positioned left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	right	1
1 N is on the lower left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	right	1
1 The objects E and D are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 D is above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	below	1
1 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	right	1
1 P is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	left	1
1 U is placed at the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	left	1
1 F and C are parallel, and F is to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	right	1
1 U and K are horizontal and U is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	left	1
1 N is upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 K is over there and B is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	left	1
1 L presents right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	left	1
1 S is below and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the top-left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 G is over there and W is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	below	1
1 S and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	left	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	left	1
1 E is directly north east of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 N is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the left side and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E is upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 N is north east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 A is placed at the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 M is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 E is above Y and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 F and N are parallel, and F is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 N is to the top-left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the lower left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 W presents upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there and L is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	right	1
1 Q is on the lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the top right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Y and W are parallel, and Y is over W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	above	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 A is lower right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 H is lower left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 B is above W at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	left	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	right	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Z presents lower right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the lower left position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned above C and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the left of S horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	right	1
1 B and Q are horizontal and B is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	right	1
1 F is on the left side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 D is under W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	below	1
1 The objects F and L are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 F is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 H is sitting in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	left	1
1 N is below Y and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the lower position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	above	1
1 B is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	below	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	right	1
1 O is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 K and O are both there with the object K is to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	right	1
1 O and R are in a vertical line with R below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	above	1
1 A is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the left side of and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the top and F is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 N is sitting at the lower position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 H is on the left side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the top-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned in the top left corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	above	1
1 V presents right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	right	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 L and E are side by side with L to the right and E to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	right	1
1 P is positioned right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	right	1
1 N is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 T is below and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the bottom right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 A is at V's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 G is sitting at the top position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	above	1
1 Y is directly south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 S and X are both there with the object S above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	below	1
1 D and T are parallel, and D on the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	left	1
1 K is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	below	1
1 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	above	1
1 V presents below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	below	1
1 Z and S are parallel, and S is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the lower right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	left	1
1 T and G are parallel, and T on the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	right	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 K is above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 O is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	right	1
1 T is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	right	1
1 O is directly north east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the right side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the top of S vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	above	1
1 C is to the bottom right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 O is north east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 P and Z are parallel, and P is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	right	1
1 W and Z are parallel, and W is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	right	1
1 Q is positioned above and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 L presents upper left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 W is lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the bottom right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 X and A are vertical and X is above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	below	1
1 T is above and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Z and Q are parallel, and Z is under Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	above	1
1 P and C are parallel, and C is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	below	1
1 N is at the lower side of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	above	1
1 E is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 E and M are vertical and E is above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 D is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	left	1
1 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	right	1
1 S is above A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 J and F are parallel, and J is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	left	1
1 K and Z are parallel, and Z is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	below	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned below M and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 P is at F's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	above	1
1 M and U are side by side with U at the bottom and M on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	below	1
1 G is positioned above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object H and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	above	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 W is sitting in the left direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	right	1
1 R is on the left side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	right	1
1 U is to the right of G horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	left	1
1 X is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 B is sitting at the upper left position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 V and A are vertical and V is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	above	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 T is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I is above O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 J and H are both there with the object J above the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	above	1
1 S is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 L and H are next to each other with L on the top and H at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	above	1
1 Q is at O's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Z is above M at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 G is positioned below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	above	1
1 S is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	left	1
1 X is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	right	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	left	1
1 X is directly north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned above M and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned below and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 A is over there and M is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 G is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	below	1
1 X is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the right side to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Y is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	right	1
1 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 L is over there with S above.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	below	1
1 D is above R and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	below	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	right	1
1 T is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 M presents lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 K is sitting at the lower position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	below	1
1 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	above	1
1 M is on the right side to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	left	1
1 I is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	right	1
1 P is sitting in the right direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	right	1
1 A and G are both there with the object G below the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	above	1
1 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	below	1
1 I presents left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	left	1
1 T is to the top of A vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	above	1
1 M is diagonally left and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T is south east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Z presents upper left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed at the bottom of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	above	1
1 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	above	1
1 Z is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is positioned directly below the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	below	1
1 N is positioned below and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 W is over there and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	left	1
1 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	right	1
1 A is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 D is diagonally right and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Y is directly north east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 K is above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	above	1
1 T is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the left and X is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	left	1
1 P is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 V is diagonally right and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	left	1
1 T is at the lower side of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	above	1
1 C is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	left	1
1 L is placed in the left direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	above	1
1 W and N are both there with the object W is to the left of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 G is directly north west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K is below and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S and H are both there with the object S is to the right of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	right	1
1 L and H are parallel, and L is under H.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	below	1
1 A is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	below	1
1 S is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	right	1
1 J is over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	below	1
1 V and X are parallel, and V on the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	left	1
1 E is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 R is at Q's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object W is positioned directly above the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	below	1
1 M and L are parallel, and M is on top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 P is above and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 F and U are next to each other with U at the bottom F on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 Z is on the left side to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	left	1
1 K is directly north east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	above	1
1 L is lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 T is north west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally right and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Y is over there and K is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 G is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	right	1
1 G and D are horizontal and G is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	left	1
1 P and M are vertical and P is below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	below	1
1 V and U are vertical and V is above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	below	1
1 S is below and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 F is over there with Q below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	below	1
1 P and H are side by side with P to the right and H to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L is placed at the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 J is south east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 S is diagonally above G to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 I is on the lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the top of F vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Z is placed at the lower left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the right of K horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	right	1
1 O is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 V is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned above O and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the left of H horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Z is to the bottom right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is placed at the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 A is above and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	below	1
1 S is below Q and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed on the top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 F and T are next to each other with T on the right and F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	left	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 P and S are side by side with P to the left and S to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	right	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	left	1
1 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	right	1
1 Object O is above object U and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the right side and top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	right	1
1 E presents upper right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	below	1
1 G is below and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 K is placed at the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 I presents lower right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 V and R are parallel, and V on the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	right	1
1 H and C are both there with the object H is to the right of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	left	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	left	1
1 O is at Ps 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	right	1
1 Z is to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 O and L are side by side with O on the top and L at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	above	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the left of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	right	1
1 I is on top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	below	1
1 P is positioned below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q presents lower right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 C presents upper left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 W and E are next to each other with W on the left and E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	right	1
1 G and U are horizontal and G is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	left	1
1 J is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object D and S are there. The object S is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 T and R are parallel, and T is under R.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	below	1
1 Object E is above object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	right	1
1 T is over there and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	left	1
1 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	right	1
1 O and H are parallel, and O is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	right	1
1 P is above R at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 X is on top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	below	1
1 J is on the right and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	right	1
1 T is positioned above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	below	1
1 X and M are side by side with M at the bottom and X on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	above	1
1 N is positioned above H and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 X is sitting at the upper left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 B and D are parallel, and D is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	below	1
1 X is on the right and W is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	left	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 U presents right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	left	1
1 G and S are vertical and G is above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	above	1
1 X is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned down and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 U and O are horizontal and U is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	right	1
1 M is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	left	1
1 G is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	right	1
1 D is to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 B is positioned below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	above	1
1 W and D are both there with the object D below the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	above	1
1 T is south east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the bottom left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Y is placed in the left direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object L and Y are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 K and Q are both there with the object Q below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	below	1
1 L is to the bottom-left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there and L is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 J is at the bottom of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	below	1
1 Z is placed in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	left	1
1 K is below and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting at the lower right position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 N is on the right side and top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 S is directly south west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 W is above K and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed in the right direction of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	left	1
1 G is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 N is diagonally right and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 P and B are horizontal and P is to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	right	1
1 T is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 K is over there with O above.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	above	1
1 X presents upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Object B is below object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	left	1
1 R is directly south west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 O is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 O is positioned left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	left	1
1 Z is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	below	1
1 U and W are both there with the object U is to the right of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	right	1
1 O is sitting at the upper left position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	above	1
1 X is sitting at the lower position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 V is directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	below	1
1 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the left of A horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	left	1
1 O is positioned left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	above	1
1 K is lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 T is at the bottom of O vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 G is upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 A and L are parallel, and L is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	above	1
1 R is to the bottom left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 L is north west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 N is upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 R is lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	right	1
1 V and F are parallel, and V is under F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	above	1
1 F is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	right	1
1 Q and C are side by side with Q to the left and C to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 H and V are parallel, and V is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	below	1
1 W is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y is at Js 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	left	1
1 Y is on the left and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	right	1
1 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 N and I are vertical and N is above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	above	1
1 C is over there with I above.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	below	1
1 X is below B at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the right side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 I and K are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	left	1
1 S is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Q is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is at the bottom of B vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	below	1
1 T is to the top-right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the right and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	right	1
1 A is at W's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	right	1
1 Object I is above object E and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 S presents upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	right	1
1 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over there and T is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 D is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	right	1
1 D is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object U and E are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 M is directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 X and S are next to each other with X on the left and S on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	left	1
1 V and O are side by side with V to the right and O to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	left	1
1 V presents upper left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 B is directly below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	above	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 X and S are vertical and X is above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	below	1
1 B is to the top right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U is directly south west of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 U and C are parallel, and C is below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	below	1
1 R is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 D and X are both there with the object D above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 F is positioned in the front right corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	right	1
1 I and F are vertical and I is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	above	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the bottom left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 K is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 I and U are in a vertical line with I on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 C and N are vertical and C is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 Z is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	left	1
1 T is north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D and M are parallel, and M is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	above	1
1 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	left	1
1 M is on the left side of and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the bottom-right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the upper right position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 N presents below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	below	1
1 M and G are parallel, and M is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	left	1
1 P is on the right side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object L and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	above	1
1 B is positioned above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	above	1
1 V is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	below	1
1 L is lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 P and N are parallel, and P is over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 S is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 T is over there and F is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	below	1
1 V is diagonally left and above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 I and A are parallel, and I is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	above	1
1 Z is under P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	above	1
1 U is above S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	right	1
1 W is placed at the lower left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 N presents over Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	above	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	left	1
1 S presents right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	right	1
1 O is positioned in the front right corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 G and Z are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 Q and V are in a vertical line with Q on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	above	1
1 I is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	below	1
1 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 E is above X and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Z is above and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 D is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	below	1
1 W is positioned above K and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Object V is above object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the bottom right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 F and N are both there with the object N below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	above	1
1 L is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned below W and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the top of O vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	above	1
1 Y is placed at the bottom of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	above	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the bottom right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G is directly north west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the bottom left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	below	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower right position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 D is over F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	above	1
1 C is on the right and M is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	right	1
1 Q is on top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Z is north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned above O and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 F presents below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 Q is on the top and B is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	above	1
1 F is to the left of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	right	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 F is on top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 D is placed at the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 R is under I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 J is on the right and S is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	left	1
1 J is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 G and X are parallel, and G is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 V presents left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	right	1
1 R and K are side by side with R to the right and K to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	left	1
1 X is at the lower side of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	below	1
1 T is on the right side and top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the right side and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	above	1
1 I is over there and Z is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	right	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 X and O are parallel, and X is under O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	above	1
1 V is at N's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	below	1
1 E is directly below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 I and H are parallel, and I is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	right	1
1 E is placed on the top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	above	1
1 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The objects H and M are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 U is at the bottom and W is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	below	1
1 O is at Ms 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	left	1
1 R is positioned up and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	left	1
1 E is positioned up and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 R presents lower left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	above	1
1 V is lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 P presents lower left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 F presents lower left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M presents right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	right	1
1 J is above and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 N and H are vertical and N is above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	above	1
1 V is sitting at the lower right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 K is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 G and B are side by side with G on the top and B at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	below	1
1 D and Y are parallel, and D is on top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	below	1
1 N and O are next to each other with N on the left and O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	right	1
1 K is placed in the left direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	left	1
1 K is on the right side and top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Q and B are parallel, and Q is to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 F is on the top and M is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	above	1
1 X is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	above	1
1 U is above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	below	1
1 W is at the bottom and G is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	above	1
1 K is positioned above B and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 E and C are parallel, and E on the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	right	1
1 The object E and Z are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 I presents right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	above	1
1 P is to the left of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	right	1
1 K is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the bottom left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 X is upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 R is south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the left side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	right	1
1 Y is over there and N is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	right	1
1 L and H are both there with the object H below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	above	1
1 The objects O and X are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 B is positioned in the front right corner of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 F and Q are side by side with F to the right and Q to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	right	1
1 O and Q are side by side with O on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	above	1
1 H is positioned above I and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 C is at H's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	right	1
1 O is diagonally left and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 L is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 M is diagonally above G to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower left position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 A and T are vertical and A is above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 I is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	right	1
1 C and J are both there with the object C is to the left of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	left	1
1 L is sitting at the lower position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	above	1
1 Z is positioned right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	left	1
1 U and O are parallel, and U is under O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	above	1
1 V is diagonally left and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	left	1
1 B is directly north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 E and W are in a vertical line with E on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	below	1
1 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	below	1
1 H and B are parallel, and B is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	below	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower left position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	left	1
1 Y and I are both there with the object Y is to the left of object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	left	1
1 H and P are horizontal and H is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 H is on the left and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	left	1
1 Q and J are next to each other with J at the bottom Q on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	below	1
1 P is above O and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 H is placed on the top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 Z presents upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the bottom right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 V and J are horizontal and V is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	left	1
1 W is at Z's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	below	1
1 X presents upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	above	1
1 W is below K at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 A and Y are parallel, and A is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	left	1
1 A and G are next to each other with G at the bottom A on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	above	1
1 W and I are both there with the object W above the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	below	1
1 R presents right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	left	1
1 N is over there and Y is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 S is placed on the top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	below	1
1 R is north east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 N is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	below	1
1 E is to the bottom-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 F is directly south west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 H and Z are parallel, and H is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	above	1
1 B presents upper left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	left	1
1 V is south east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 I is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 A and V are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	left	1
1 B is sitting in the left direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	left	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	right	1
1 I is over L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	above	1
1 A is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	right	1
1 Q is upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	above	1
1 W is below J and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Object Y is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 C is placed at the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 O presents left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 T and F are parallel, and T is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	left	1
1 I is to the left of J horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	left	1
1 L is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	above	1
1 N is above K and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Z is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	right	1
1 L and S are parallel, and L is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Q and S are vertical and Q is above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	below	1
1 E is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	below	1
1 N is to the right of A horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	right	1
1 Z is placed at the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	left	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	above	1
1 N is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	above	1
1 R is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the right of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 Z is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 B is directly south east of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 A is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the top right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the bottom and J is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	above	1
1 R is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	above	1
1 The objects T and B are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Q is directly below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 M and X are side by side with M to the left and X to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	right	1
1 S is north east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Q and R are next to each other with Q on the left and R on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	left	1
1 A and U are next to each other with U at the bottom A on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	below	1
1 D is below A at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the top right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at the lower side of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	below	1
1 S and G are both there with the object S is to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	right	1
1 Y is above O and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the right side and top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	left	1
1 H is on the left side to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	right	1
1 T is at the bottom of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	above	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Object N is above object V and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J and W are side by side with J to the right and W to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	right	1
1 V is placed at the lower left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 C and X are side by side with C to the right and X to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	left	1
1 A is directly south east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 A is placed in the right direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 X is below H and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there and B is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	left	1
1 M is above J and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 W is above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 M and X are parallel, and M on the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	left	1
1 X is to the top of B vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	above	1
1 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally right and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 X is upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 D is at the bottom and A is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	below	1
1 T and Y are vertical and T is above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	below	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	right	1
1 L is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object U and E are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 S and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object Q is positioned directly below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	below	1
1 Q and X are both there with the object X below the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	below	1
1 A is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U and M are next to each other with M at the bottom U on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	below	1
1 V is placed at the lower right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	right	1
1 P is above C and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 M is at the lower side of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	below	1
1 P is over there and D is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	left	1
1 Z is upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 H presents left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 A is above P at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is over there and D is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	right	1
1 M is directly south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 C is below and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 R is over there with Z below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	below	1
1 S and P are vertical and S is above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	below	1
1 M is upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	right	1
1 V is over there and B is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	below	1
1 The objects I and Q are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 L and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	left	1
1 Z is at the lower side of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	above	1
1 V and F are parallel, and V is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	left	1
1 E is to the top right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 C is upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 U is on top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	below	1
1 Object Y is below object C and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 F is diagonally left and above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the right side and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 K is at W's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	above	1
1 Z presents below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	below	1
1 S is directly north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 N is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 T presents upper right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there and W is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	above	1
1 The objects D and Q are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 K is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 E is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	above	1
1 Q presents over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	below	1
1 G and F are horizontal and G is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	right	1
1 X and H are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	right	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	left	1
1 P and N are in a vertical line with P on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	above	1
1 P is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 F is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 V and F are next to each other with F on the right and V on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	right	1
1 X is at U's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	left	1
1 Y is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	above	1
1 T is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	above	1
1 V and O are parallel, and V is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	right	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	left	1
1 A is placed at the lower right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	left	1
1 T is above Z at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 N is at Ys 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	above	1
1 K is directly south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 C is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 K is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 C is sitting at the lower right position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 J and I are next to each other with I at the bottom J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 M is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 W is diagonally right and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 A is over there and D is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 U and P are parallel, and U is on top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	above	1
1 R and K are both there with the object R is to the left of object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	right	1
1 J is north east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	left	1
1 M is on the top side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	above	1
1 J is on the top side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	above	1
1 Z is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 K is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	left	1
1 V is sitting at the upper left position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 P is south east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the top of X vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	above	1
1 Y and Q are parallel, and Y is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 N and H are both there with the object N is to the left of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	right	1
1 D is upper right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned below U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	below	1
1 M presents right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	right	1
1 Q presents over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 G is positioned in the front right corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Z is over there and B is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	below	1
1 H is positioned below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 A is placed at the bottom of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	above	1
1 Z is to the top of L vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	below	1
1 A is positioned above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	above	1
1 H is above G at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed on the top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	above	1
1 E and I are parallel, and E on the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	right	1
1 W is over there and O is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	above	1
1 J is above L at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	right	1
1 H is positioned above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	above	1
1 L is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned above F and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Y and S are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	right	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 P is lower left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 C is placed on the top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	below	1
1 T is at the bottom of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 B is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	below	1
1 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	right	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object V and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	right	1
1 W is over there and I is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	left	1
1 M is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 P and V are parallel, and P is over V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	below	1
1 J is south west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the right and P is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	left	1
1 P is to the bottom-right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Z is below A and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 M is north west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 W is at N's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	above	1
1 U is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 X is at E's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	above	1
1 D is above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	below	1
1 T is placed at the lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and I is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	left	1
1 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 B is at Os 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is below O at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 V and Y are parallel, and V is over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	below	1
1 H is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 K is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	below	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower left position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 E is placed at the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G is to the left of K horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 T and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	right	1
1 N is at the bottom of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	below	1
1 D is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	right	1
1 I is sitting in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	right	1
1 K is on the right side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	right	1
1 Z is positioned above and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 B is over Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 X is over there and G is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	left	1
1 V is on the right and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 L is sitting at the upper right position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 X and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	right	1
1 Z is to the bottom right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 J is over there with O above.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	below	1
1 H is to the left of K horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	left	1
1 D is on the right side to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	left	1
1 G is below F at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper left position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 R is placed at the bottom of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	above	1
1 Object M is below object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the left side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	right	1
1 P is on the right side and top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at X's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	right	1
1 H is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, O is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 S is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 C is below P at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y is to the top of T vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 M is positioned left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	right	1
1 O and C are parallel, and O is to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	right	1
1 Q is to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 P is below T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 B and F are side by side with F at the bottom and B on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	below	1
1 M is diagonally left and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Object P is below object X and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	right	1
1 X is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is above O and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 H is lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	right	1
1 The objects U and N are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	right	1
1 S is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 R is at U's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	above	1
1 Z is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 C is under Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 A is positioned above R and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed at the lower left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 X is below K at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object E is positioned directly below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly above the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	above	1
1 P and O are parallel, and P is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	right	1
1 W and Q are side by side with W on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	above	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	left	1
1 I is over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	below	1
1 N is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	left	1
1 T and D are parallel, and T is under D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	above	1
1 Z is on the top and I is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 X is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the left side of and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 E is directly north west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Z is below and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 D and V are parallel, and D is to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	right	1
1 N and C are parallel, and N on the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	left	1
1 R is on the right side and top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 L and N are next to each other with N at the bottom L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the bottom right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 J is over there and K is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	below	1
1 A is directly south west of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	left	1
1 T is lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 S presents upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 M is over there and C is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	left	1
1 H is over there and T is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 S is over there and K is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	below	1
1 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	below	1
1 The objects V and G are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	left	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	right	1
1 H is at the bottom of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	above	1
1 I is positioned above K and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 O is on top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the right side and top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 K and H are next to each other with K on the top and H at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	below	1
1 Y and I are horizontal and Y is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	right	1
1 F presents below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	above	1
1 E is at I's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	below	1
1 L is to the top-left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Y is above T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Y and L are both there with the object Y above the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	below	1
1 H and M are next to each other with M at the bottom H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is positioned below L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Q is directly north east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 T and N are parallel, and T is on top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	below	1
1 W and V are parallel, and W is on top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	below	1
1 E is above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	above	1
1 J is at the bottom of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	above	1
1 I is over there and E is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	above	1
1 E is over there and X is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	right	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 D and I are horizontal and D is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	left	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	right	1
1 I and W are both there with the object I is to the left of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	left	1
1 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	above	1
1 V is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L is over there and Q is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	right	1
1 P is placed at the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 G is placed at the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 E is south east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 W is directly below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	below	1
1 O and A are both there with the object O is to the right of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 C presents left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	right	1
1 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	right	1
1 P is to the bottom right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 T presents over L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	below	1
1 N is below B and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 C is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the bottom left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned below L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Object P is below object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	above	1
1 R is to the bottom-left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 C is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 M and Z are parallel, and M is under Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	below	1
1 H is north west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 U and I are both there with the object U is to the right of object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object L is positioned directly above the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	below	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 B is diagonally left and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 I is placed at the bottom of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	below	1
1 Y is above V and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the top of G vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Y is placed at the upper right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 E is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 F is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	above	1
1 Object Y is below object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 P is upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 P and T are side by side with P to the right and T to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	left	1
1 Q is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	below	1
1 C is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Y and I are parallel, and Y is under I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	below	1
1 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	above	1
1 P is below R and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 R is over there with P above.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	below	1
1 Q is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 B presents lower right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 L is below M and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 V is at Hs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 C is above I and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	above	1
1 S is to the left of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	right	1
1 E and A are parallel, and E is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	right	1
1 E is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the upper left position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 T is placed at the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 C is over there and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 H is on the right and B is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 X presents upper left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Y and K are parallel, and Y on the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	right	1
1 U is positioned in the top left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 J and F are side by side with J on the top and F at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	above	1
1 X is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the top side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	above	1
1 M and G are side by side with M on the top and G at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	above	1
1 X is north west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	below	1
1 F is above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	below	1
1 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	below	1
1 Y is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Object J is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 A is above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	above	1
1 R is south west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 E is at V's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	above	1
1 L presents left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	left	1
1 X is sitting at the upper left position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 P is directly above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	below	1
1 D is above and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 U and O are next to each other with O on the right and U on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	right	1
1 A is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 L is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	below	1
1 M presents upper left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 A is above Q at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 B and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	right	1
1 J is diagonally right and above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	right	1
1 W is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	left	1
1 Q is on the left side and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Z is below Q at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 O is above L at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 S and H are in a vertical line with H below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 O and G are side by side with O to the right and G to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	left	1
1 H presents lower right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	left	1
1 L is directly below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	above	1
1 The object Y and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned below F and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is directly above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	above	1
1 Q is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	left	1
1 X is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	below	1
1 B is north east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom-right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, F is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the bottom of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	above	1
1 W and O are parallel, and W is on top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	above	1
1 G is positioned above J and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 I presents upper right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	below	1
1 S is to the top-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	left	1
1 T is positioned above P and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D is at T's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	below	1
1 R and S are next to each other with S at the bottom R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	below	1
1 B is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 G and Z are in a vertical line with Z below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	above	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Q is above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Q and O are both there with the object Q above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	below	1
1 N is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Z and B are side by side with B at the bottom and Z on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	below	1
1 L is on the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	below	1
1 M is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Q is above P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	above	1
1 Y is south west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	above	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is there and U is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 K is directly north east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the left side and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 R presents over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	above	1
1 L is on the left side and above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 G is over there with W above.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	above	1
1 D is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	left	1
1 I is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 T is there and X is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 A is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	below	1
1 M is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	left	1
1 O is upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting at the upper right position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 N is below F at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	right	1
1 F presents left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	left	1
1 Y presents lower left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	left	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 A presents upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	left	1
1 A is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	right	1
1 W is to the bottom-right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 S is south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 S is below E and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 D is above O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	below	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is over there and X is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	right	1
1 E and J are parallel, and E is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	left	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	above	1
1 C is at S's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 N is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 M and S are both there with the object M above the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	below	1
1 A is on the right side and top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally right and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 T is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the left side and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Object Z is below object U and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 P and O are parallel, and P is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 J and S are side by side with J to the left and S to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	left	1
1 B is upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 D is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 D is placed at the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	above	1
1 I is positioned in the lower right corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 V and R are parallel, and V is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	right	1
1 E and O are side by side with O at the bottom and E on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	below	1
1 M is positioned right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	right	1
1 I is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	below	1
1 L is to the top of B vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 E is on the left side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	left	1
1 N is below J and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	left	1
1 C presents left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	left	1
1 Z is positioned up and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 K is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 B is positioned above and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 I presents lower right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 V is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Object N is below object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	right	1
1 B is above and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 K and Z are side by side with K to the right and Z to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 C is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 J and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	left	1
1 F is directly north east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 N is over there and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	right	1
1 R is above and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	left	1
1 E is over there and V is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	left	1
1 C is directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	below	1
1 J and S are parallel, and J is under S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	above	1
1 W is to the left of X horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	right	1
1 J is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	left	1
1 Y is placed at the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 J is positioned right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	right	1
1 D is at the bottom of T vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	below	1
1 Object J is below object R and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 J and T are horizontal and J is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	right	1
1 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 O is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	above	1
1 I is upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 R is north east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there with Q above.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 L is directly south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the lower right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 F is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 X is south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 T is sitting at the top position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 A and E are parallel, and A on the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the top of R vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R and H are in a vertical line with H below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	left	1
1 L is positioned above Q and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the left side and above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 J is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	above	1
1 E and H are parallel, and E on the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	right	1
1 O and M are parallel, and O is over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	above	1
1 C is over there and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	right	1
1 L is over R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	below	1
1 M is upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Q is above W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 J is at the lower side of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	above	1
1 T and O are horizontal and T is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 I is below Q at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 N is above E and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over there and I is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	above	1
1 O presents left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	left	1
1 K is north east of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E and R are next to each other with R on the right and E on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	left	1
1 S is over F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	below	1
1 M is below C and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	above	1
1 V and E are in a vertical line with V on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 O is diagonally right and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the right side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	left	1
1 H is over there and T is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the lower left position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 B is placed at the lower left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 P is over there and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	right	1
1 E is positioned below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 Object Y is below object P and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally left and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the lower left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object F and Z are there. The object F is below and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 L is placed on the top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	above	1
1 Z is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Q and V are side by side with Q to the left and V to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 U is upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 G is above K at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	below	1
1 S is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Q is below A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the right side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	left	1
1 O presents below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	above	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the right and M is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	right	1
1 Q presents lower left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally left and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The object N and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 S is south east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 H is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object J is positioned directly above the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	below	1
1 A is sitting at the upper left position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting at the lower left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 C and X are side by side with C to the right and X to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	left	1
1 J and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and J on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	left	1
1 A is directly above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	above	1
1 P is at the bottom and V is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	below	1
1 C and R are next to each other with C on the top and R at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	above	1
1 U is positioned in the top left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Object K is below object R and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the bottom-left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	left	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	left	1
1 H is below X at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Z is north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there and J is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	above	1
1 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	right	1
1 J presents lower left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally right and below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 I is diagonally left and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at B's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 E is to the top right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The objects L and S are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	left	1
1 P is over A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object O is positioned directly above the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	above	1
1 H and T are both there with the object H is to the left of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	right	1
1 O is placed at the lower left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 F and Z are both there with the object F is to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Z and O are parallel, and Z is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	left	1
1 L is to the top-left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 U is south west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, O is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned below S and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 G is at Ds 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	right	1
1 M is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	right	1
1 L is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	right	1
1 W is above and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the right of M horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	right	1
1 B is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	right	1
1 A is over there and P is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	below	1
1 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	left	1
1 U is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	below	1
1 V is positioned up and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 F is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 F and K are next to each other with K on the right and F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	above	1
1 H is to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed at the lower left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the right side and top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 H is at B's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	left	1
1 K is on the right side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	left	1
1 I is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned down and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 L and R are side by side with L to the right and R to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	left	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 I is at the lower side of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 B is to the bottom left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there and U is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	right	1
1 X is sitting at the lower left position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 U is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Z is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	left	1
1 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	right	1
1 U is positioned below and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 D and G are in a vertical line with D on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 H is south east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 P is directly south west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Y and X are side by side with Y to the left and X to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	left	1
1 R is placed at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	below	1
1 G is on the right side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	right	1
1 S is to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 R is over there and O is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	above	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 D is placed at the bottom of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 Object D is above object T and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally above G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	right	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	left	1
1 E is north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 M is below and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the left of O horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	left	1
1 H is below and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	right	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is positioned directly above the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	below	1
1 N is diagonally right and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 A and U are parallel, and U is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	below	1
1 X is upper right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 T presents over O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	below	1
1 V is over there with W above.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	above	1
1 U is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	above	1
1 C and M are parallel, and C on the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	right	1
1 C and U are next to each other with C on the top and U at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	below	1
1 R is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	above	1
1 Z is diagonally right and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 R is over there and B is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	left	1
1 B is north east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 R is directly south west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 B and Q are in a vertical line with B on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	above	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 W and J are parallel, and W is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	below	1
1 H is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned in the front right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 E is above T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 M is positioned below T and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 C is directly north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the right of F horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	right	1
1 J is north east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned below and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	left	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	left	1
1 I is to the top-right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned below and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	right	1
1 W is on the left side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	left	1
1 A is positioned above E and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 B is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the lower left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the left side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	right	1
1 F is upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	below	1
1 J is diagonally left and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	above	1
1 O is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	above	1
1 G is at Vs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 M is positioned left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	left	1
1 Z is above and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 B is placed in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	right	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 E is placed on the top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	above	1
1 C is directly south east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the bottom right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 G presents over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	above	1
1 F is on the right side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	left	1
1 P is at the bottom of R vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	above	1
1 N is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 I is at the lower side of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	above	1
1 A is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 G is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	left	1
1 A is on the right side and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 B is placed at the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, A is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 I is at the bottom of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	below	1
1 H is at Ls 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	left	1
1 X and N are both there with the object X above the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	above	1
1 U is directly north east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 W is at J's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	above	1
1 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the top side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	above	1
1 M is on the left and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there and X is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	below	1
1 N is positioned down and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 L is over there and S is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	left	1
1 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	right	1
1 I is at the lower side of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	below	1
1 J is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 D and N are both there with the object D is to the left of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	right	1
1 P is to the bottom right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned below and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P is directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	below	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 F and P are parallel, and F on the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	left	1
1 O is positioned below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	above	1
1 Y is placed in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 M is upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 U and G are side by side with G at the bottom and U on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	above	1
1 A and K are next to each other with A on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	above	1
1 M is north west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	left	1
1 W is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H and W are parallel, and H is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	right	1
1 X is below L at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 G is placed at the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	above	1
1 S is to the top right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The objects M and K are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	right	1
1 C is above and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 K and S are side by side with K to the right and S to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	right	1
1 V and R are next to each other with R at the bottom V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 N and D are horizontal and N is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	right	1
1 S is diagonally right and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned above and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Y is above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Q is directly above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	above	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 P and G are parallel, and P is to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	left	1
1 R and L are parallel, and L is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 J is sitting at the upper right position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the upper left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the right side and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned below H and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Q is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	above	1
1 I is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	right	1
1 B is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Q is below and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	right	1
1 N is sitting at the lower position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	above	1
1 O and U are next to each other with U at the bottom O on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	above	1
1 E is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 C is lower left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the top side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	below	1
1 X is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	right	1
1 C is positioned down and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Y is above and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 V and X are next to each other with X on the right and V on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	left	1
1 E is over there and Z is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object L is positioned directly above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 G and U are horizontal and G is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object E is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object B and J are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 P is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 V is placed at the bottom of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	below	1
1 X is directly below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	below	1
1 F is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 A and O are next to each other with A on the top and O at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 M is placed in the left direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	left	1
1 P is under J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	below	1
1 H is over there and G is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	above	1
1 F presents upper right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	right	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	left	1
1 W is placed at the bottom of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	above	1
1 Q and K are next to each other with Q on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 E is at H's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	above	1
1 L is placed at the bottom of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	below	1
1 W is on the left and Y is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	left	1
1 H is over there and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	right	1
1 D is positioned below X and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 C is over there and P is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	below	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 J and R are vertical and J is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	below	1
1 B is south east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 J is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	above	1
1 C is positioned above X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 B presents upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	right	1
1 N and C are side by side with N to the right and C to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	right	1
1 X is to the bottom left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 V is directly south east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the right side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	left	1
1 Z is above H and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L and R are both there with the object L is to the right of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 U is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned above F and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the left and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	right	1
1 X presents left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	right	1
1 T is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	right	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 K is at N's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	above	1
1 Z and Q are both there with the object Q below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Object V is below object X and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	below	1
1 K presents right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	right	1
1 T is to the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	left	1
1 V is above B at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 W is at P's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 Y is positioned left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	right	1
1 V presents right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	right	1
1 X is on the lower left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 P is diagonally left and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the top side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	above	1
1 V is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 A is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	right	1
1 F presents upper left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	above	1
1 I is on the right side and top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	left	1
1 R and C are vertical and R is above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	right	1
1 H and M are parallel, and H is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	right	1
1 T is above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	below	1
1 A is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	right	1
1 E is lower left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	left	1
1 I is south east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 M is over there and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	left	1
1 Z is placed at the bottom of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	below	1
1 N is upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The object Q and I are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 J is upper right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 H is placed at the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 O and X are vertical and O is above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y is on the lower left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	right	1
1 G is on the left side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	left	1
1 L is placed in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	left	1
1 G and T are parallel, and G is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	right	1
1 C is below K and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 E and L are parallel, and E is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	left	1
1 F is at the bottom and M is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	below	1
1 B is south west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 F is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 L is above U at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the right side and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the right of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 A is on the lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U and J are side by side with J at the bottom and U on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	below	1
1 H and K are next to each other with H on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	right	1
1 Q and A are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	left	1
1 B is over there and N is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	right	1
1 Q is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the bottom-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	right	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	left	1
1 P is sitting in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	left	1
1 E is to the top right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 J is placed at the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 H is above P and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 X is above and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	below	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 R is above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	below	1
1 O is above A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Object P is above object M and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object W and A are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 R is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	right	1
1 Z is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 V is diagonally right and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The objects S and D are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 W and T are horizontal and W is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	right	1
1 V is to the top of T vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 I and C are vertical and I is below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	below	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents upper left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the top and F is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the top of J vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	below	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, B is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned down and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 N is over there and U is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	above	1
1 X is placed in the left direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	right	1
1 K and J are parallel, and K is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	right	1
1 A is south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 B and T are side by side with B on the top and T at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	above	1
1 B is on the left side to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 L is over there and N is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	below	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the right side to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	right	1
1 U is at V's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	above	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	below	1
1 O is on the left and A is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	right	1
1 Q is over there and F is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	below	1
1 H and D are side by side with H on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 E and R are side by side with R at the bottom and E on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	below	1
1 E is placed at the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly above the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	above	1
1 F is to the right of R horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	left	1
1 Z is positioned below Q and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	right	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	left	1
1 U is below and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Object F is above object R and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the top right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned up and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 R and D are both there with the object R is to the left of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	left	1
1 L is positioned above J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 P and Y are parallel, and P is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	below	1
1 T is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	right	1
1 K is below and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally left and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 D and B are next to each other with D on the left and B on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	right	1
1 Object M is above object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 B is above U at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Z is diagonally right and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the left side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	right	1
1 L is to the right of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	right	1
1 T is below J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	below	1
1 K is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 O is at the lower side of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	above	1
1 Z is upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	left	1
1 U is over there and H is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	right	1
1 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	left	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 K is below C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	above	1
1 P is on the right side and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the top of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 V is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 V is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	above	1
1 P is diagonally left and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	right	1
1 L presents right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	left	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 U and R are side by side with U to the right and R to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	left	1
1 A is north east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned in the front right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 W is at the bottom and L is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	above	1
1 D is on the lower left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 L is directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	above	1
1 D is on the left and X is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	left	1
1 Y is positioned below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	below	1
1 J is diagonally left and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 N is sitting at the upper left position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 O and Q are both there with the object Q below the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	below	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting at the top position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	below	1
1 W is there and K is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the right side and top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the top side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	below	1
1 W and L are both there with the object W is to the right of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	left	1
1 J is upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Q is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the right side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	left	1
1 B is under E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	above	1
1 D is upper right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 D and N are in a vertical line with N below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	above	1
1 W and O are side by side with W to the right and O to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	left	1
1 U is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 J is upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	left	1
1 H presents right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 M is directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	above	1
1 N is south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 P and I are side by side with P to the right and I to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	right	1
1 E is positioned up and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 A and N are parallel, and A is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	right	1
1 Z and O are next to each other with O on the right and Z on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	left	1
1 C is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there with X below.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	above	1
1 Q presents over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	above	1
1 D presents lower right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 N is over there and K is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	right	1
1 G is to the right of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	right	1
1 P is to the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 F is north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 X is north west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Z and C are side by side with C at the bottom and Z on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	above	1
1 S and A are both there with the object A below the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	above	1
1 W and X are parallel, and W is over X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	below	1
1 Q and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	left	1
1 B and S are parallel, and B is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	right	1
1 The object S and E are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Q is placed at the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 G is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	above	1
1 I is on the left side and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Y and L are parallel, and Y is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 S and Q are parallel, and S is under Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	below	1
1 H presents lower right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 A is above T at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 T is below P and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 A is above and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 V is at the bottom of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	above	1
1 A is placed in the left direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 U is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	left	1
1 C is sitting in the left direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	right	1
1 Z is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the bottom-left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the top-left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	left	1
1 S is on the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 The object V and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 O and P are vertical and O is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	above	1
1 X is north east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 N and G are parallel, and N is under G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	below	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 A is above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	above	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	left	1
1 G is lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Y is above and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 O is above C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	above	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 C is to the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 F and T are both there with the object F is to the left of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is on the left side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	right	1
1 X is on the lower left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V is directly north west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 J is over R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	below	1
1 A is placed at the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Z is over there and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 P and Y are parallel, and P on the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 L is positioned in the front right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I is upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 S and E are in a vertical line with E below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 V and Z are vertical and V is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	below	1
1 I is diagonally right and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the top and X is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	below	1
1 A is upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 T is over there with S above.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	above	1
1 P is on the top of L and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	below	1
1 S is there and C is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Q is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 A and X are next to each other with A on the top and X at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	above	1
1 U is on the top and T is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 M and I are side by side with M to the right and I to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	right	1
1 V and Q are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	right	1
1 A is on the right side and top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 W is over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	above	1
1 E presents lower left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The objects N and E are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 J is above F and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 N and P are parallel, and N on the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	right	1
1 V and N are next to each other with N at the bottom V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 G is placed in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	right	1
1 F and B are side by side with F to the right and B to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	right	1
1 G and X are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	left	1
1 Y is directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	below	1
1 W is sitting at the top position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	above	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 O is above and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned below K and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 F is below and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the lower right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 V is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	left	1
1 V presents over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	above	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the top-right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 V and I are both there with the object V is to the right of object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	right	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 G and I are both there with the object G above the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	below	1
1 Object L is below object X and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the top and W is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	above	1
1 I is on the right side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	left	1
1 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	below	1
1 L presents lower left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	below	1
1 R is over there and X is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	below	1
1 P is at the bottom of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	above	1
1 D is below Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U and O are in a vertical line with O below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	below	1
1 S is directly south west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	left	1
1 I is to the right of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	right	1
1 I is over there and M is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	left	1
1 S is positioned right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	right	1
1 P is to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the right and M is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	left	1
1 T is above and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Q presents upper right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the left side of and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 T and Z are side by side with T to the right and Z to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	left	1
1 C is above and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Y and R are horizontal and Y is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	left	1
1 U is to the left of T horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object H and V are there. The object V is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at F's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	above	1
1 W and A are next to each other with W on the left and A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	left	1
1 Y is placed at the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 A is directly south west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 H and I are both there with the object I below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	above	1
1 S is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	left	1
1 I and A are next to each other with I on the top and A at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 F is over there and Y is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	below	1
1 V is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	below	1
1 C is over there and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	right	1
1 E is positioned left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	right	1
1 J is to the right of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	left	1
1 N is below F and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 R is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 P and J are parallel, and P is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 E is above V at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	left	1
1 K and J are side by side with J at the bottom and K on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	above	1
1 A is sitting at the upper right position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 U and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and U on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	right	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the left and A is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 W is below and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the bottom of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	below	1
1 J is below R and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 N presents upper right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 A and S are vertical and A is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	above	1
1 T is on the left side of and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned below H and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 U is positioned below A and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the lower position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	above	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 E is over there and W is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	below	1
1 H is positioned right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	right	1
1 C and Q are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	left	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 X is north east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 U is south east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Y and T are next to each other with T at the bottom Y on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	below	1
1 M is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 I is directly south west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R is above D and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Y is north west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned in the top left corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 B is directly north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 A is above F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	below	1
1 I is at the bottom of D vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	left	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	left	1
1 F and P are both there with the object P below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	below	1
1 C is over there with R above.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	above	1
1 P is positioned below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q presents right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	right	1
1 A and M are in a vertical line with A on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	above	1
1 W is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the bottom right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting at the lower left position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Y presents below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	below	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	left	1
1 K is on the right and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is at Z's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	left	1
1 O and X are parallel, and O is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	left	1
1 B is below and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	above	1
1 U is positioned left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	left	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 L and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	above	1
1 F is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	above	1
1 D is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	right	1
1 R and T are next to each other with T on the right and R on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 M presents below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	above	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there with U below.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	below	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 O is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 N and C are side by side with N to the left and C to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	right	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower left position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 E presents lower right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q is positioned above F and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the top-left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the left side of and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 B is at the bottom and C is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	above	1
1 C is over there and E is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	above	1
1 Z is north east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there with K below.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	above	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the bottom-right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting in the left direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	left	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 X and U are side by side with U at the bottom and X on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 S is over there and A is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	above	1
1 X is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 O is on top of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 W is at N's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	above	1
1 S and Q are side by side with S to the right and Q to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	left	1
1 E is on the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 B is below M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	below	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 E and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and E on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	below	1
1 G is above Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	above	1
1 D is on the lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned above H and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 T and K are parallel, and T is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	above	1
1 J is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	above	1
1 K is at Q's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	above	1
1 W is placed at the bottom of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	above	1
1 C is positioned in the front right corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 K and C are vertical and K is above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	below	1
1 I is at G's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	right	1
1 O is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the left side and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 H is at Ws 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	left	1
1 C and M are next to each other with C on the top and M at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	below	1
1 N is positioned below I and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 B is on top of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	above	1
1 K is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 H and R are both there with the object H is to the left of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	left	1
1 L is on the left side of and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 C is south west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the top and K is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	right	1
1 V is sitting in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	right	1
1 J and F are vertical and J is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	below	1
1 P is placed at the bottom of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	above	1
1 Y is directly north east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the top-left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 M is over there with U below.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	above	1
1 T is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the top of C vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	below	1
1 P and K are both there with the object P above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	below	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 V and T are horizontal and V is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	left	1
1 I and W are next to each other with W on the right and I on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	right	1
1 G is on the left and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	right	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally right and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 R is on the left side of and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Y is above and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	right	1
1 A is above S at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 E is over there with V above.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	above	1
1 C and D are next to each other with C on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	above	1
1 O is lower left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 X presents lower right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the top right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	left	1
1 I is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	left	1
1 D is on the left side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	left	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	right	1
1 B and V are parallel, and B is to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	right	1
1 S is at T's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	below	1
1 E is on the right and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	above	1
1 M is placed in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I and S are parallel, and I on the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	left	1
1 R is upper right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 B and W are parallel, and B on the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	right	1
1 C and G are parallel, and C is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	below	1
1 L is to the right of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object K is positioned directly below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	above	1
1 N is directly above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	above	1
1 P is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	left	1
1 Object S is below object D and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 J is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 D is over there and V is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	left	1
1 H is at K's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	below	1
1 K is on the lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the left and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	right	1
1 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	above	1
1 Q is positioned right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	right	1
1 A is below Z at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 H is diagonally left and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned below N and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed on the top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 K and Q are in a vertical line with K on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	below	1
1 Q is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	left	1
1 K is north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	left	1
1 D and V are horizontal and D is to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	left	1
1 I and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and I on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 I is sitting at the upper left position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 M presents upper right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 W is below and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Object T is below object R and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 E is south east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the lower left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the left side of and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object F and V are there. The object V is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 H presents lower left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 P is south west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The objects O and M are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the bottom left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Q and D are parallel, and Q on the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Z is placed at the lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object L and G are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 G and H are parallel, and G is on top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	above	1
1 Y is placed at the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 J is above and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 G is above and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned up and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	below	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 C presents upper right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H is below Z at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 L and F are in a vertical line with F below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	below	1
1 A is sitting at the lower position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	below	1
1 J is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	right	1
1 P is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 M is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 T and F are vertical and T is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	above	1
1 M is on the right and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	left	1
1 V is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	above	1
1 K is over there and Y is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	below	1
1 I is placed in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	left	1
1 I and Y are in a vertical line with Y below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	below	1
1 L is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 T is placed on the top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	below	1
1 I is over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is at F's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	right	1
1 A presents right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 J is positioned above I and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	below	1
1 Object I is below object K and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 J is below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is to the top of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	below	1
1 N is to the top-left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	below	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 O and E are parallel, and O is on top of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	above	1
1 J and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	right	1
1 O is to the bottom-left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the top of Y vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	above	1
1 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 N is over there and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Q presents right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 Object A is above object E and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	left	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 L is at the bottom and K is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	above	1
1 O is positioned below and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X is over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	below	1
1 T is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	right	1
1 M is to the top of X vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	below	1
1 Y and T are horizontal and Y is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	right	1
1 T is above M and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the top-left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	right	1
1 G is south west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Object I is below object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	above	1
1 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 W is placed at the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is positioned directly above the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	above	1
1 W is sitting at the upper left position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned above W and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 X is north east of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the left of M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	right	1
1 R is below J and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 D is below and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 G is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 M is at the bottom of J vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 G is placed on the top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	above	1
1 X is on the left side and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the bottom of R vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	below	1
1 L is directly north east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Y is over there and N is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	right	1
1 K is at Ms 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 Y is to the left of V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	left	1
1 J is south east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 A is at P's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	above	1
1 I and Q are both there with the object Q below the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	below	1
1 T is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the right side and top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 K is sitting at the upper right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 U is directly south west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	right	1
1 N is to the right of F horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	left	1
1 F is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	right	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Q is lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 V is below S at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Q presents over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	below	1
1 N is over there with W below.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	below	1
1 I is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 B presents lower right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 P is above S and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 M is at Xs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	right	1
1 L is north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 D presents upper right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 G is below U at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	left	1
1 G and S are side by side with G on the top and S at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 W is to the bottom right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned in the front right corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 O is placed at the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	right	1
1 V is positioned above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	above	1
1 F is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	right	1
1 T is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 J is below and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Object Z is above object G and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 O is at the lower side of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 V is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 X is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	right	1
1 G is positioned above L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I and B are horizontal and I is to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	right	1
1 L is over there and V is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	below	1
1 E is to the top right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	below	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	below	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	below	1
1 T presents right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	right	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E and I are next to each other with I at the bottom E on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object N is positioned below and to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the top-right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the bottom left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 W is directly south east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the top-right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 A is over there and C is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	left	1
1 W is lower left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the left of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	right	1
1 Y and N are next to each other with N on the right and Y on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	left	1
1 B is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The objects M and X are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	left	1
1 U is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 K is over there and A is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	right	1
1 Y is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	below	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	right	1
1 F is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	right	1
1 G is over there with Z below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	below	1
1 H is to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 R and K are side by side with K at the bottom and R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 T presents upper left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the left of K horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	left	1
1 D is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 C is above H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	below	1
1 O is over L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	above	1
1 Y is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	left	1
1 J is placed at the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 O and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	right	1
1 Object W is below object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 H and K are next to each other with K at the bottom H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 K is over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	above	1
1 C is to the top of R vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	above	1
1 C and R are next to each other with R at the bottom C on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	below	1
1 Y is at C's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	below	1
1 S is below F at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q is directly north west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned below and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 R is over there and T is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	below	1
1 T is over there and G is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 E and Q are parallel, and E on the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 A is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Y is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	right	1
1 E is above and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the top and M is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	above	1
1 K is to the right of G horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 M is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	above	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Z is above M at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 T and B are next to each other with B on the right and T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	left	1
1 X is positioned in the front right corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 N is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 S and Q are parallel, and S is under Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	above	1
1 O is on the left side and above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Q is below E and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Q is above and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 M is at the bottom of P vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	below	1
1 I is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	left	1
1 V is over there and C is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 O and F are horizontal and O is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	left	1
1 L is on the right side and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 A is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	below	1
1 E is on the left side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	left	1
1 The object G is positioned directly below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	above	1
1 Q is positioned in the top left corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at the bottom of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	below	1
1 V is to the bottom-left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 B and Y are parallel, and B is over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	below	1
1 N is positioned right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 The objects S and T are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Object G is above object M and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 W and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	left	1
1 T is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	right	1
1 A and S are parallel, and A is under S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	above	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	left	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 D and S are parallel, and D on the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	right	1
1 J and A are in a vertical line with A below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	below	1
1 B presents upper left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 M is at the bottom and E is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 Y is to the right of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E presents over R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 P is below D at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	below	1
1 I is placed at the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 A and U are next to each other with U on the right and A on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	right	1
1 N is above V and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 H and L are next to each other with L on the right and H on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	right	1
1 I is sitting at the top position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	above	1
1 K is on the lower left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 N is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	right	1
1 U is sitting at the upper left position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 H and M are parallel, and H is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	below	1
1 W is at N's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed in the right direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	right	1
1 P is above U at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	above	1
1 M is on the top side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	below	1
1 O and M are side by side with O on the top and M at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	above	1
1 Q is lower left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 F is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned below and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Y and L are both there with the object L below the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K is below G at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at Ms 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	left	1
1 G is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 T and A are both there with the object T above the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	above	1
1 H and Y are parallel, and H is over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 E is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	above	1
1 C is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 I presents left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	right	1
1 B and T are horizontal and B is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	left	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the right of T horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 D is above L and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 S is placed at the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 O is above L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	below	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 M is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	below	1
1 U is over there and E is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	above	1
1 B is placed in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	right	1
1 D and U are parallel, and D is under U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	above	1
1 X is sitting at the upper left position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 I is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	above	1
1 F is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	left	1
1 O is placed at the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the bottom-right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C is over there with J below.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	above	1
1 Object W is below object A and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	right	1
1 W presents left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y is positioned left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	left	1
1 G is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	below	1
1 X is directly south east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is lower left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the right and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	left	1
1 M and W are in a vertical line with M on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	below	1
1 Y is over there with P below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	above	1
1 V is above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	below	1
1 N is below R and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 D is at Gs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	right	1
1 F and C are parallel, and F on the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	left	1
1 V is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 C and T are vertical and C is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	below	1
1 H is on the top side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	below	1
1 T is sitting at the lower left position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Z and M are both there with the object Z above the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	left	1
1 N is upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 N and V are in a vertical line with V below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	below	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	left	1
1 N is to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	above	1
1 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	left	1
1 G is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the bottom-left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the right side and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 P is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the bottom left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 T and J are horizontal and T is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	right	1
1 U and F are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	right	1
1 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 D presents upper left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 G is directly below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	above	1
1 U is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	right	1
1 T is over there and W is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	left	1
1 I is on top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	below	1
1 V is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 S is over there and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	right	1
1 O is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Z is above M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 B is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	right	1
1 U and E are both there with the object U is to the left of object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	right	1
1 B is to the top-left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the bottom of Q vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X is to the top-left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	below	1
1 Z is at S's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	below	1
1 B is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	left	1
1 M is above U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	above	1
1 R is over there and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	left	1
1 H is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	right	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 H is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	above	1
1 Q is south west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the right of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 O is diagonally right and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	left	1
1 H is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	below	1
1 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned below I and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the top side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is to the bottom-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	left	1
1 Object E is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V is diagonally right and above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the right side to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	left	1
1 L is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	above	1
1 P presents lower right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	above	1
1 L is positioned above H and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 J is below Z and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 V is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Y and V are vertical and Y is above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	below	1
1 H is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 J is diagonally right and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 S is over there and X is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	left	1
1 B is at L's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 D is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 S is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	above	1
1 T is above and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 B is over there and O is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	left	1
1 I is on the right side and top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P and U are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	left	1
1 D is diagonally right and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 M is above Z at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the upper right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 B is positioned left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	left	1
1 M and Y are parallel, and M on the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	left	1
1 O is placed at the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	below	1
1 S and K are parallel, and S on the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 S is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 T and P are side by side with T to the right and P to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	left	1
1 S is to the top-right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 E is over there and K is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	above	1
1 V is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	right	1
1 S and R are parallel, and S is over R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 E is to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	left	1
1 The objects T and V are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the top right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 E is directly south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 A is directly below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	below	1
1 Q is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the left side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	right	1
1 N presents lower right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 G and A are parallel, and A is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 A and O are vertical and A is below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	above	1
1 I and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	left	1
1 P is to the top right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 P is upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned above and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally right and above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 N is over there and R is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	above	1
1 Q is above and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 L is lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 H is on top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	above	1
1 S is diagonally right and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the lower left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the top of M vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	above	1
1 B is over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	above	1
1 Q is above M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	above	1
1 H is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	above	1
1 B and P are both there with the object P below the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 O is over there and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	left	1
1 T is positioned below and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 M presents left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	left	1
1 P and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	right	1
1 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	left	1
1 U is placed in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 M presents lower left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 M is below G at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 E is at J's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	right	1
1 E is positioned left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	left	1
1 C is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	left	1
1 F is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 N is under C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	below	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 S is at X's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	right	1
1 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 U is positioned above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	below	1
1 K is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	right	1
1 T and V are side by side with T on the top and V at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 T is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 W is below I and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is positioned directly above the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	below	1
1 Object N is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, U is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	left	1
1 W is to the right of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	left	1
1 Object V is above object E and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 O is at the bottom of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	above	1
1 V is on the top side to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	below	1
1 O is over there and S is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	right	1
1 E is positioned right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	right	1
1 W is sitting at the lower right position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 N and Q are parallel, and N is on top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	below	1
1 O is to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 V is above O at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 P and I are side by side with P to the right and I to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	right	1
1 W is to the top-right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 F is placed at the bottom of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	below	1
1 M and E are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	right	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	above	1
1 W is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	left	1
1 A is under Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is placed on the top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the left of J horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	left	1
1 K is on the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 V is at the bottom of K vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 C is to the bottom right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 S and V are both there with the object V below the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	below	1
1 J is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 M is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 F and B are next to each other with B at the bottom F on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	below	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the right side and top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 G is over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	above	1
1 I is positioned in the front right corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 H is at T's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	left	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	left	1
1 P is above D at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Object L is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally right and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the right and W is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	right	1
1 I is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 L is above R at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T is under L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	below	1
1 H is positioned below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 C is south west of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 N and C are side by side with N on the top and C at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 T is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	left	1
1 S is on the left side and above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	below	1
1 M is above and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 L is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	above	1
1 X is above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	above	1
1 Y is at Ss 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	right	1
1 E is to the bottom left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the bottom left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the left and S is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	left	1
1 I is sitting in the left direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	left	1
1 P is upper right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 P and X are side by side with P to the right and X to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	right	1
1 R and M are parallel, and R is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	right	1
1 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	below	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 N is upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 T is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 The objects G and V are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 P presents lower left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 W and Z are parallel, and W on the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	right	1
1 Object Q is below object L and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 M is below and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the left of O horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	right	1
1 K and G are parallel, and K is to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	left	1
1 T is placed at the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned down and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 N is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the bottom right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z presents over O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	above	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower right position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned below H and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 G and F are both there with the object F below the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	above	1
1 R is south east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 L and K are both there with the object K below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	below	1
1 H presents upper left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 X is placed at the upper right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Q is over there and F is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	left	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 D is under Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	above	1
1 B is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	left	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	above	1
1 K is over there and I is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	below	1
1 H and D are both there with the object H is to the right of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 Object Q is below object M and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	below	1
1 W is placed in the right direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	left	1
1 D is placed on the top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	above	1
1 L is at Z's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	below	1
1 W and I are next to each other with I on the right and W on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	right	1
1 N is north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there and W is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	above	1
1 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	below	1
1 M is on the left side and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 Z and J are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally right and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting at the lower position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	above	1
1 B is sitting at the top position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	above	1
1 P is above J and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 O is over there and V is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	above	1
1 X is on the top and O is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	below	1
1 X is at A's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	above	1
1 F is on the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 N presents over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 B is south east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Object Z is above object D and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	left	1
1 B is to the bottom-right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Z is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 T is below and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned down and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and V is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	below	1
1 P is positioned above and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Object E is below object F and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 E is over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 S and Z are next to each other with S on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	above	1
1 F presents upper left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 O is at the bottom and T is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	above	1
1 A is to the bottom right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned below K and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the lower left position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The objects Q and C are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	right	1
1 D is on the top and R is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	above	1
1 B and I are parallel, and B is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	left	1
1 J presents left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	left	1
1 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	below	1
1 F is placed at the lower left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the bottom-right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 B is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 H and N are next to each other with H on the left and N on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 Object X is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 G is placed on the top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	above	1
1 U and M are next to each other with M on the right and U on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	left	1
1 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	above	1
1 M is on the left side of and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Q is below Y and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there and A is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 D presents upper left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O presents below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	above	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 K is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 W is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 S is above W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	above	1
1 X is to the right of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	right	1
1 M is directly north east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	right	1
1 N is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	right	1
1 J is directly south east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Object P is below object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 O and H are horizontal and O is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N and H are both there with the object H below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	above	1
1 N is south east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Object P is below object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	left	1
1 W and P are horizontal and W is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	left	1
1 C is at the lower side of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	above	1
1 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 J and H are both there with the object J above the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	above	1
1 W is positioned left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	right	1
1 Z is positioned right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	right	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	right	1
1 The objects N and G are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 X and D are parallel, and X is under D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 K is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned above C and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 J and S are next to each other with S at the bottom J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	above	1
1 X is on the left side of and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 N is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 M is over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	above	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and K is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	right	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 A and D are side by side with A to the left and D to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	right	1
1 M is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly above the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 O is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object H is positioned directly above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	above	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	right	1
1 J is to the top-left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 E is placed at the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned above U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 V is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	below	1
1 I is at the lower side of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	above	1
1 C is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Z is directly north east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 F and W are horizontal and F is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 B is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 N is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 L is over there and K is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	below	1
1 N is above T at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Object R is below object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 C is sitting at the lower left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the bottom-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 E is directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	above	1
1 E and Z are parallel, and E is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	above	1
1 S is lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 B presents left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	right	1
1 W is at the bottom of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	below	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	right	1
1 B is on the lower left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned below Z and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The objects S and O are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the bottom-right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 M is placed at the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 H is placed at the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Q is below and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Y and O are both there with the object Y is to the right of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	left	1
1 Y is on the right side to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	left	1
1 U is on the left side of and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Y and X are both there with the object Y is to the right of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	left	1
1 I is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	right	1
1 A is on the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 K and J are parallel, and J is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	above	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Z is over there and B is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	right	1
1 H is diagonally right and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object G is positioned directly above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	above	1
1 T is over there and L is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	left	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 W and Q are side by side with W to the left and Q to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	above	1
1 A is south west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 W is placed in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	left	1
1 H and T are next to each other with H on the top and T at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	below	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	below	1
1 F is sitting at the top position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	above	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 T and J are next to each other with J at the bottom T on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	above	1
1 X is below V at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 B is directly north east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 D is under T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	below	1
1 P is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 C is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	left	1
1 Z presents over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	below	1
1 D and W are horizontal and D is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	right	1
1 X is to the bottom-right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 V is diagonally right and above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object P is positioned directly below the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	below	1
1 B is positioned above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	below	1
1 G is at the bottom of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	above	1
1 O is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 C is on the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The objects X and U are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 M is over there and I is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	below	1
1 Q presents upper left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	right	1
1 N is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 D is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	right	1
1 A and E are both there with the object A is to the right of object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	right	1
1 A and E are parallel, and A on the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	right	1
1 D and R are parallel, and D is on top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	above	1
1 I is south west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the right side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	left	1
1 K is on the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 O is placed at the bottom of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	above	1
1 X is over there and Q is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	right	1
1 S is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	below	1
1 G presents upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the lower right position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 G is below and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 U is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 O and L are both there with the object O is to the left of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	right	1
1 I is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	below	1
1 O is on the left side and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 F is over there and K is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object N and E are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there and F is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	below	1
1 A is at the lower side of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	above	1
1 Object X is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally left and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	above	1
1 N and S are parallel, and S is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	above	1
1 K and Z are parallel, and Z is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	above	1
1 H is over S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	above	1
1 G and J are parallel, and G on the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 Z is sitting in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	left	1
1 V is positioned above X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 J and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	right	1
1 A is to the top-right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 H is below P and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned up and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 T is over there and H is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 T is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally above D to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 G and J are parallel, and G is under J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	above	1
1 G is over there and J is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	above	1
1 F is positioned below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	below	1
1 G and J are both there with the object J below the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	below	1
1 Q and I are parallel, and Q on the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 P is on top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	below	1
1 M presents upper right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	right	1
1 G is over there with S above.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	below	1
1 F is to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 R is below W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	below	1
1 X is over there and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	right	1
1 C is on the left and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	left	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	right	1
1 E is above V at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 L is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	above	1
1 G and K are parallel, and G on the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	left	1
1 V is at Ds 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	right	1
1 W is positioned up and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Object E is below object X and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Y is placed in the right direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	right	1
1 Q and C are side by side with C at the bottom and Q on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	above	1
1 Y presents upper left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	left	1
1 Object T is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 C presents upper right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 V is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	below	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 O is south west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 U is directly south east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	below	1
1 L is lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 I is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The objects T and F are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is positioned directly below the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 V is over there and B is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	left	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 R is on the top side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	below	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	above	1
1 G is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	below	1
1 J is on the left side of and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	above	1
1 Z is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	right	1
1 S is sitting in the left direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 X is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 A is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 X is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the lower position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	below	1
1 O presents lower left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	below	1
1 V is above E and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 X is above K and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 X is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	right	1
1 P presents over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	above	1
1 Z is directly north west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B and K are next to each other with B on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	below	1
1 Q is positioned above O and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the top-left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the right side and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there with L above.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 N is directly north west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 E and C are parallel, and E is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	right	1
1 C and G are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	left	1
1 H is placed at the bottom of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Y and G are both there with the object Y is to the right of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Z is positioned right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	left	1
1 A is on the right side and top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there with I above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	below	1
1 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 Q and X are both there with the object Q above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	above	1
1 I is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	right	1
1 L is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	right	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	above	1
1 A is at Fs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	left	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	above	1
1 R and D are both there with the object R above the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	below	1
1 S and Z are side by side with S on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	below	1
1 A presents over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	below	1
1 C is on the right side and top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 A is above and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Object W is below object I and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object T and E are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 R is north east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 D is at Z's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object Z and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 W is over there and T is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	right	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 J is at X's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	above	1
1 K is to the right of V horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	right	1
1 L is below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	above	1
1 H is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 E and B are next to each other with E on the left and B on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	right	1
1 M is diagonally right and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	left	1
1 A is to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	right	1
1 D is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	right	1
1 D is on the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the top right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	below	1
1 O is above T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 D is below V and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 J is over there with I below.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	above	1
1 U is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	right	1
1 A is to the bottom-right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 U and I are parallel, and U is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	left	1
1 F is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 J is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 K is at E's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	below	1
1 G is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the lower right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 I and J are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	left	1
1 S is below W at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 H is below I and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	right	1
1 T is over there and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	left	1
1 O is below and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed at the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	right	1
1 D and J are horizontal and D is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	left	1
1 I and O are parallel, and I is over O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 S presents below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	above	1
1 M is at the lower side of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 K is placed at the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 R and V are next to each other with R on the left and V on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	left	1
1 J is on the right side and top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T is above J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	above	1
1 W and S are side by side with S at the bottom and W on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	below	1
1 S is positioned below and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 T and B are next to each other with B at the bottom T on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	above	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	left	1
1 O and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	right	1
1 T is over there and M is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 V presents left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the right and G is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	left	1
1 W and C are parallel, and W on the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	right	1
1 M is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	right	1
1 R is to the bottom right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed on the top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	below	1
1 N is upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned up and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 B presents over R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	below	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting at the lower position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	above	1
1 L is below F at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there and K is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	above	1
1 B is under H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	above	1
1 H is on the left side and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 V is above K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	above	1
1 B is on the right side and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Q is below S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 X is over there and U is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 P is below L at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	left	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	left	1
1 U is sitting at the top position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	below	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Y and Q are vertical and Y is above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	below	1
1 F is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 E is sitting at the lower position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	below	1
1 Z is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	below	1
1 Object K is above object C and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 A is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	left	1
1 Q is over there and M is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	right	1
1 W presents right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 C is placed at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	above	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the left side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 X is below O at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is below object T and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 I is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	below	1
1 E and N are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	right	1
1 M and J are horizontal and M is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	right	1
1 P is placed at the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 C is sitting at the top position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	above	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	below	1
1 B is to the left of G horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	right	1
1 Y is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 M and X are parallel, and M is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	below	1
1 S is above C at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 K is over there and T is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	below	1
1 F is to the top of R vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	below	1
1 O is above M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	below	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned below and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 B is at U's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	right	1
1 W is to the right of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Y is over there with B above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	below	1
1 R is above V and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the bottom right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 D is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I is lower left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 E is upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 R is directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	below	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the right of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	right	1
1 B is directly south east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 R is below A and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Y is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 I is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	below	1
1 Z is over there and H is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	above	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	left	1
1 L and U are side by side with L to the left and U to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	left	1
1 A presents lower right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	right	1
1 X is below and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the right of Y horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	left	1
1 O presents upper left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 C is at X's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	above	1
1 J presents over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	above	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the upper left position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 P is above and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the bottom and E is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	above	1
1 V is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q is to the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is diagonally right and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Y is lower left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 C is sitting in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	left	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 R is on top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 T is to the bottom left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 U and E are parallel, and U on the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	right	1
1 M and N are both there with the object M is to the right of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	left	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 X presents lower left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object T and F are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 W is under Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	below	1
1 V and O are both there with the object V above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	below	1
1 Q and M are side by side with M at the bottom and Q on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	below	1
1 M is on the right side to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	right	1
1 S is south east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Y presents upper left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the bottom left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	right	1
1 L is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	below	1
1 B is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y and G are vertical and Y is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	below	1
1 Object H is below object S and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there and Q is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	below	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 N is at E's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	below	1
1 G is lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	left	1
1 I is below X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	above	1
1 L is placed in the left direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	right	1
1 F is at Q's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	right	1
1 A is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	right	1
1 Y is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 M is upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 T is at J's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	below	1
1 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	right	1
1 P and I are both there with the object I below the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y is over there and G is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	below	1
1 V is sitting at the upper right position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	below	1
1 B is to the bottom-left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 E is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 G is above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	above	1
1 K is sitting at the upper left position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 N presents left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	right	1
1 T is over there with Q below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	below	1
1 Y and A are vertical and Y is above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	below	1
1 B is on the right and D is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	left	1
1 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Z and C are side by side with Z on the top and C at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	below	1
1 W is placed at the bottom of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	below	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	left	1
1 V is to the top-right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Z is below B at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 K and C are both there with the object K is to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	left	1
1 U is at T's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 R is positioned left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the bottom left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 J is directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	above	1
1 B is to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 L is above T at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	right	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	left	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the left of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 T and P are next to each other with P on the right and T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 V is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Y and H are side by side with H at the bottom and Y on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	above	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the left side and above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	right	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the right of J horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	left	1
1 E is diagonally left and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 M and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	right	1
1 A and V are parallel, and A on the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	left	1
1 L presents upper right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting at the lower position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	below	1
1 D and M are both there with the object D is to the right of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 K and D are vertical and K is above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 C is sitting at the upper right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the bottom-right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there and S is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object Y and Q are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 F is positioned above Z and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 R is on the lower left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned below and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N and D are parallel, and N is over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 W and X are side by side with X at the bottom and W on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	above	1
1 L is below and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 W presents left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	right	1
1 D is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 J and H are parallel, and J is on top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	below	1
1 D is below B at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Y is lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 R is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	below	1
1 X is to the top of O vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	below	1
1 P is above C at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P is placed at the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 U and P are in a vertical line with U on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	above	1
1 D and O are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	right	1
1 A is upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object F and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 R and J are parallel, and J is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	below	1
1 Q is below Z and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 M presents upper right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 G is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	below	1
1 A is north east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the bottom-right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 S is over there and O is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	left	1
1 Y is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	right	1
1 I is under M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	above	1
1 D is on the right side and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 I is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at Ds 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	left	1
1 T is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	left	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the top-right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 K is placed at the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 V is lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 D is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K presents left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	above	1
1 H is on the left side to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 G is at the lower side of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object S and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 O is above R at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	right	1
1 G is positioned right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting at the upper left position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 D and G are parallel, and D is under G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	above	1
1 I is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Object Z is below object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 M and D are vertical and M is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	above	1
1 J and V are next to each other with J on the left and V on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	left	1
1 J is above L at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned below J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned below and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and N is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	left	1
1 W presents lower right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	left	1
1 Z is on the lower left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 N and F are parallel, and N on the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	left	1
1 C is to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 W and R are parallel, and W on the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	above	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 M and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and M on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	above	1
1 D and C are side by side with D to the left and C to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	left	1
1 H is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	right	1
1 V is at the bottom of M vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	above	1
1 Z is diagonally left and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	left	1
1 J and N are parallel, and J is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	left	1
1 P is directly north west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	left	1
1 H is north west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the left side of and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Q and G are both there with the object Q is to the right of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	right	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 T and P are horizontal and T is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	left	1
1 Y is over there and O is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	below	1
1 S is to the top right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 R is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	left	1
1 T is under J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	below	1
1 S is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	above	1
1 F is above J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 G is below Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	below	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 O and N are in a vertical line with N below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	above	1
1 V is on the upper right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 S is directly north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	left	1
1 M is on the lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 C is diagonally right and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 P is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	right	1
1 D and M are both there with the object D is to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 Y and A are both there with the object A below the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	above	1
1 N is positioned below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 N is at O's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	left	1
1 A is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object Y and E are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 N is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Q is above N and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 X is upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	right	1
1 B is diagonally right and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	right	1
1 M is placed at the lower left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is positioned directly below the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 R is positioned below and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 D and K are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	left	1
1 I is below and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 X is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	left	1
1 B and Q are parallel, and B on the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	right	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Q and J are parallel, and Q is under J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	below	1
1 Z and R are both there with the object R below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 M is below T at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 S is below and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 F and O are parallel, and F is under O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	above	1
1 I is above L and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 J is lower left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 The object S and Y are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	above	1
1 F and L are parallel, and F is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 U presents over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	above	1
1 E and H are parallel, and E is under H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	above	1
1 P is sitting at the lower position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	below	1
1 U is sitting in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	right	1
1 E is on the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 X and K are in a vertical line with K below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	below	1
1 D is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 A is at the bottom of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	below	1
1 L is to the top-left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the top of J vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	above	1
1 F is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	below	1
1 Q is on the top side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	above	1
1 L is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	left	1
1 H is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the top-right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 R and E are in a vertical line with E below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	below	1
1 R and U are side by side with U at the bottom and R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	below	1
1 Z is over there and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Q is to the top-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 U is sitting at the upper left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 V and U are both there with the object V is to the left of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	right	1
1 E is above C at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Y and T are side by side with Y to the right and T to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E is diagonally right and above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the left of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	right	1
1 M is north east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 B and U are in a vertical line with B on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	below	1
1 G is to the top right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Object N is below object K and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Object C is below object I and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 S and G are parallel, and S is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 F is on the same vertical plane directly above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	below	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	left	1
1 K is below U at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 L is placed at the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 D and Z are parallel, and D is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the lower right position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 M and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 K is above E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	above	1
1 Q is at J's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	left	1
1 M is diagonally right and above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 T and Q are both there with the object T above the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	above	1
1 M is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Q is below S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 W is at H's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	above	1
1 F is upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	below	1
1 D is upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the bottom left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the left of object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	left	1
1 Z is on the right and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	right	1
1 N is to the top-left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 L is below and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	left	1
1 O and P are parallel, and O is over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	below	1
1 A presents right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 C is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the top side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	above	1
1 X is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 K is directly south west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 H is over there and D is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	below	1
1 B is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 J is sitting at the upper right position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 F presents lower left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Object Y is below object X and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 B is lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	left	1
1 F is sitting in the left direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 K is to the top of M vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	above	1
1 M is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 B and I are side by side with B on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object Q and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 X is north east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the left side and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	above	1
1 F is positioned left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	right	1
1 F is placed in the left direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	left	1
1 U is to the bottom left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 L is placed at the lower right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the top side to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 B is positioned down and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Y is north east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 M and A are horizontal and M is to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 U and F are parallel, and U on the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	left	1
1 Q and I are next to each other with Q on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	above	1
1 J presents over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	above	1
1 A is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 A is above O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	above	1
1 X and A are parallel, and X is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	above	1
1 U is on the right side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	left	1
1 Z is above L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	above	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	below	1
1 I is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 A and K are both there with the object A is to the right of object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is on the right side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	right	1
1 I and T are parallel, and I on the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	left	1
1 N is positioned above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	below	1
1 N and U are parallel, and N is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	above	1
1 P and K are side by side with P to the right and K to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	right	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	right	1
1 C and O are next to each other with C on the left and O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	right	1
1 The object V and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 U is south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 W is above H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	below	1
1 H and I are next to each other with I on the right and H on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	right	1
1 L is at the bottom of Y vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	above	1
1 H and F are side by side with H to the right and F to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	right	1
1 A presents lower left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 B presents upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 N and D are both there with the object N above the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	below	1
1 X is on the left and Y is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	left	1
1 U and J are horizontal and U is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	left	1
1 O and H are parallel, and O on the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	right	1
1 S is above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	below	1
1 X is north west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 P and M are side by side with P to the right and M to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	right	1
1 Z is diagonally right and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	left	1
1 I is placed at the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the left side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	left	1
1 H is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 H and M are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	right	1
1 G is positioned above and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the top of Z vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 J is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 U is below and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 A is on the lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Y presents left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	right	1
1 G and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 J and E are vertical and J is above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	above	1
1 K is over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 W is above Y at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 H and N are both there with the object H above the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	left	1
1 Q is directly above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	above	1
1 V is on the top and A is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	below	1
1 H is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the bottom-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	left	1
1 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 M and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and M on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	below	1
1 V and K are side by side with K at the bottom and V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	above	1
1 Y is at O's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K presents below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	above	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	above	1
1 O is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 R is upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned below V and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there with A below.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	below	1
1 U and W are in a vertical line with W below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	above	1
1 D is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the left side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	left	1
1 H is below T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 D is at W's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	below	1
1 E and Z are vertical and E is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	above	1
1 M is on the top and A is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 V and K are parallel, and V is on top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	below	1
1 M is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	right	1
1 I is over there and A is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object M and S are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 A and D are side by side with A to the left and D to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	right	1
1 C is positioned right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	right	1
1 Y is placed in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the top position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	above	1
1 I is diagonally left and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 P is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	below	1
1 X is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 A is lower left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Q is below and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	below	1
1 The objects F and M are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	right	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	below	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 H presents upper left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	right	1
1 K is on the lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	right	1
1 Q is below W and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Y is below and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	left	1
1 Object S is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 U is north west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned below X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J is above I at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 I and W are parallel, and W is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the upper left position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	left	1
1 F is at the bottom and B is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	above	1
1 B is placed on the top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	above	1
1 V is lower left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 O is at Is 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	left	1
1 S is south west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 D and A are parallel, and D is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	left	1
1 L is placed in the left direction of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	left	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 H and D are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	right	1
1 N is sitting at the lower position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	below	1
1 R presents lower right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 A and N are horizontal and A is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	right	1
1 G and A are parallel, and G is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	left	1
1 I is south east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 M is directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 B is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is positioned left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	left	1
1 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object U is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 V presents left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	right	1
1 L is to the bottom right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	left	1
1 O is on the right side and top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 L and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and L on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	right	1
1 O is on the right side and top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object B is positioned directly above the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	above	1
1 E is at the bottom of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	above	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	above	1
1 A and K are next to each other with A on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	above	1
1 X presents over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Y is above N at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	below	1
1 H is over there with B above.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	above	1
1 V is on top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object G is positioned directly above the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 S is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 S and A are parallel, and S is over A.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	above	1
1 R is over there and B is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	above	1
1 E is at the bottom and N is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	above	1
1 K presents lower left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 N is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 I and D are vertical and I is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the left side and above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object D and F are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 J is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is upper right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Y and F are parallel, and F is below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	above	1
1 F and J are next to each other with F on the top and J at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 P is on the lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 B presents right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	right	1
1 I and X are parallel, and I is on top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	above	1
1 Q is over O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	above	1
1 B is to the left of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 L and X are parallel, and L is on top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	below	1
1 C and K are next to each other with C on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	left	1
1 Y is below I and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the left and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	right	1
1 N is above D at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 W is placed at the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 A is upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 A is positioned above and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 F is at Ws 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 Y and C are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	left	1
1 R is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 E and M are parallel, and E on the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	right	1
1 The objects I and V are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 T is on top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	below	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the left of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	right	1
1 F is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	left	1
1 F is positioned right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	left	1
1 O is on the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally right and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned above G and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower left position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 N is at the bottom of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	below	1
1 I and Z are horizontal and I is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	right	1
1 B is at K's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	above	1
1 W is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 E is over there and T is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	below	1
1 W is at the bottom of Y vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	above	1
1 G is on top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	above	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the top right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 U and E are side by side with U on the top and E at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	above	1
1 U and A are horizontal and U is to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	right	1
1 F is on the left side to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 S is positioned above O and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 C and U are parallel, and U is below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	above	1
1 H is below G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	above	1
1 T is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	right	1
1 T is above S at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 X and G are both there with the object X is to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	left	1
1 O is above Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 M is at Ys 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	right	1
1 C is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	above	1
1 A is on the left side of and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there and D is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	left	1
1 K is positioned below N and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 N is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	above	1
1 F and N are next to each other with F on the left and N on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 S is over there with F above.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	above	1
1 P is to the top of X vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	above	1
1 K is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	left	1
1 L is to the top right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 P presents lower left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned in the front right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 N is directly north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the right side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	right	1
1 N is to the top-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	left	1
1 L is to the bottom right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object E and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the top-left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S and Z are side by side with S to the right and Z to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	right	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 H and G are parallel, and G is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	below	1
1 V is positioned in the top left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 I is placed on the top of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	below	1
1 G is over there and C is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	left	1
1 M is placed in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 T is to the right of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	left	1
1 X is below O and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W is north west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 R and L are parallel, and R is on top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	above	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 O is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 N is above A at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 O is at the 6 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 V and E are parallel, and V on the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	left	1
1 N is over there with Y above.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 S is placed at the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 G is below O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	left	1
1 B is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	left	1
1 Q is directly south west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 X is placed at the bottom of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 X and D are both there with the object X above the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	below	1
1 G and R are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	right	1
1 F is over there and K is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	below	1
1 A is upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 V is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the top of N vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	above	1
1 N is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 Y is directly south west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 P is over there with K above.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the lower left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 O is at Ts 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	left	1
1 E is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	left	1
1 G is positioned above I and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 K is positioned right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 W is placed at the upper right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 N is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 G presents lower right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object V and U are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 A is below N and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	left	1
1 K is lower right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 X is directly south west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned up and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	left	1
1 H is on the right side and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 A is directly north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 S is above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	above	1
1 E is over there and M is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	right	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 O presents left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	left	1
1 T is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	left	1
1 V is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 M is positioned in the front right corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 F presents lower right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	above	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 I is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 B and X are side by side with X at the bottom and B on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	above	1
1 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	above	1
1 A presents lower right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 S and Z are both there with the object S is to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	left	1
1 G is directly north west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 A is at the bottom of T vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	above	1
1 Y is sitting at the top position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	below	1
1 E is positioned up and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 A is sitting at the upper right position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	left	1
1 L is below X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	below	1
1 K presents right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 W is positioned right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	left	1
1 V is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z is south west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the right side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	right	1
1 Q is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	below	1
1 C is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	left	1
1 X is over there and P is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 B is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 P and W are side by side with P to the left and W to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 K is to the top right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	left	1
1 C is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 L is below Y at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 L is over there with Z below.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	above	1
1 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	left	1
1 A presents lower left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 O and J are in a vertical line with J below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	above	1
1 M is positioned up and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 E and W are parallel, and E is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	right	1
1 O and Z are vertical and O is above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	above	1
1 X and F are in a vertical line with X on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V is on top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	below	1
1 H is upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed at the lower left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 D is upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the bottom-left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 W and E are side by side with W to the right and E to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	left	1
1 P is over there and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	left	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	right	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 T is above Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	above	1
1 J is over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	below	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object L and M are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the top side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	above	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, X is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the left of K horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object J is positioned directly above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 E is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E and G are parallel, and E is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	right	1
1 Q is below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 A is placed on the top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	above	1
1 E is upper right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the bottom-left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 A and S are side by side with A to the left and S to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	right	1
1 M is positioned up and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 W is at I's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	above	1
1 S is to the right of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	left	1
1 D and S are both there with the object D is to the right of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	left	1
1 V and Z are horizontal and V is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is below and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally left and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the top position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	below	1
1 Object J is above object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 N is below B at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 A is above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	below	1
1 D and C are next to each other with C on the right and D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	right	1
1 E is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	above	1
1 G is to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 K is at J's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	below	1
1 M and J are vertical and M is above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	below	1
1 U is above S at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 A and Q are next to each other with A on the left and Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	right	1
1 J is sitting at the upper right position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object S is positioned directly above the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	below	1
1 I is over there and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	right	1
1 Object V is below object J and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there and K is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	left	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	left	1
1 M is at Js 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	right	1
1 B is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the top side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	below	1
1 Q is positioned left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 V and N are side by side with V to the left and N to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	right	1
1 Z is over there and O is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	below	1
1 R is positioned below M and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 O and V are parallel, and O is on top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	above	1
1 Q and A are next to each other with Q on the left and A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	right	1
1 E is lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	above	1
1 C and Y are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	right	1
1 Object R is below object X and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	below	1
1 Z is sitting in the right direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally right and above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 C is there and X is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the bottom of N vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 J is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Y is placed in the left direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object F is positioned directly below the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	above	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 K is over there with N below.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	above	1
1 O and N are parallel, and O is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	right	1
1 M is above A and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is directly north east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the left of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	right	1
1 K is at the bottom of M vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	below	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	left	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 J and R are vertical and J is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	above	1
1 I is to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 V is above and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 A and C are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	right	1
1 G and S are in a vertical line with S below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 E is placed at the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	right	1
1 L is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	right	1
1 J is north east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P is below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 I is south east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the bottom-left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 L is directly north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	above	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 N is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	below	1
1 M is on the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 M is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	above	1
1 Z is over there with M above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	below	1
1 Z is directly above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	above	1
1 I is positioned down and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 N is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 O and W are vertical and O is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	above	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Q is positioned above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	below	1
1 R presents lower left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 F and T are parallel, and F on the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	left	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	below	1
1 R and W are next to each other with R on the left and W on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	right	1
1 U is positioned in the front right corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 O presents lower right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 X is at the bottom and D is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 D is directly north west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	left	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is positioned directly above the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	above	1
1 I and A are parallel, and I on the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	right	1
1 L is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 R is placed at the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at the bottom of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	below	1
1 A and T are in a vertical line with T below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	below	1
1 T is to the top-right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Y and G are parallel, and Y is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	right	1
1 L and O are parallel, and L on the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 B is positioned above X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 M is south east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 K is above and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 P is upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object J is positioned directly above the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	above	1
1 W is positioned down and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 I and V are side by side with I to the right and V to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	left	1
1 F and J are next to each other with F on the left and J on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	right	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 J is over there and O is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	left	1
1 The objects O and G are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	left	1
1 B is directly north east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	left	1
1 B is above and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 W is above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	above	1
1 G is to the top-right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting in the right direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	right	1
1 M and H are horizontal and M is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	left	1
1 F is over there and M is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	above	1
1 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	below	1
1 N is at T's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	above	1
1 The object C and K are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 E and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	left	1
1 V and U are next to each other with U at the bottom V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	below	1
1 B is placed in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	right	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	right	1
1 C is positioned below and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 S is over there with N above.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	below	1
1 L is directly north west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	left	1
1 Q is to the left of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L presents upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over there and B is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	below	1
1 V and G are parallel, and V on the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	right	1
1 S is over there with O above.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 E is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	left	1
1 M and V are parallel, and M on the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	right	1
1 T is over there and A is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	below	1
1 E is at the lower side of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	below	1
1 E is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the left side and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	right	1
1 H and C are parallel, and H is under C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	above	1
1 M is placed in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	left	1
1 W is sitting at the lower position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Z is positioned below Y and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally right and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Object I is above object X and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the left of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 V is to the bottom-right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the left and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 O is upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 D is below and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 A is directly south east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 T is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	below	1
1 K is positioned below B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object W is positioned directly above the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	above	1
1 K is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 N is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q is over there and Y is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	left	1
1 L is above and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 A is placed in the left direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	left	1
1 B is sitting at the top position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	above	1
1 U presents upper left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	right	1
1 G and L are both there with the object G is to the left of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	right	1
1 Object O is below object X and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	right	1
1 A is directly north east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	right	1
1 Q is directly below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	above	1
1 K is above E and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 R and T are horizontal and R is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 C is on the left and W is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	right	1
1 B is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	right	1
1 J is to the top-right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the right and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	right	1
1 Object H is above object R and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the left side and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and R is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	above	1
1 D is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	left	1
1 W is below B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	below	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 Z is below J and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the bottom-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the top side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	above	1
1 N and K are parallel, and K is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	below	1
1 N is over there and S is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	right	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	left	1
1 M is on the left and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the lower position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 V and Z are side by side with V on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Z is positioned left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E is above and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the top of A vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	above	1
1 V is sitting at the lower position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	above	1
1 T is positioned right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	left	1
1 A is on the left side and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 D and O are parallel, and D on the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	right	1
1 Q is placed at the lower right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at K's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 K is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 T is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	right	1
1 V is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 J and P are horizontal and J is to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	right	1
1 Y is at Ds 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	right	1
1 C is at Ks 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	left	1
1 G is on the right side and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the top right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the bottom of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	below	1
1 T is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	right	1
1 D and N are in a vertical line with D on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	below	1
1 O is to the right of H horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	right	1
1 G and C are side by side with G to the left and C to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	left	1
1 J is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the right of J horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	left	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	left	1
1 B and V are in a vertical line with B on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Y and L are both there with the object L below the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	below	1
1 A is over there and G is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is under K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	below	1
1 X is diagonally right and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 I and E are vertical and I is below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	below	1
1 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q and A are vertical and Q is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	above	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	above	1
1 A is to the bottom left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Q and G are side by side with Q to the right and G to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	left	1
1 N is on the left and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	left	1
1 A is on top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	above	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M and T are in a vertical line with M on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	below	1
1 U is on the left and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	left	1
1 U is directly below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	below	1
1 G is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	below	1
1 C is positioned above and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 D is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	left	1
1 X is on the lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	left	1
1 S is on the right side to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	left	1
1 P is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	right	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	below	1
1 D and Q are horizontal and D is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	right	1
1 F is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	right	1
1 F is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	right	1
1 A is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 G is placed at the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and F is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	right	1
1 N is over there and V is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 T is on the top side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	below	1
1 W is above and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 J is diagonally right and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the right side to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	left	1
1 M is directly below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	below	1
1 E is on the left side of and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 L is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 B and Z are parallel, and B is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	below	1
1 H is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	above	1
1 U is positioned in the front right corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 V is over there with A above.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	below	1
1 I is directly south west of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at C's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	below	1
1 M is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	below	1
1 J is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	above	1
1 H is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	above	1
1 E is to the bottom right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned in the top left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 E is on the left side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	left	1
1 T is upper right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 F is below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	left	1
1 X is on the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 J is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	left	1
1 Y is over there and A is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	left	1
1 M and B are in a vertical line with M on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	above	1
1 S is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	below	1
1 S is sitting at the top position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 H is placed at the lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 S is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 I is at the lower side of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	above	1
1 R and K are horizontal and R is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	right	1
1 Z is positioned left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	left	1
1 B is to the bottom left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 G and V are horizontal and G is to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	above	1
1 N is to the right of A horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	right	1
1 W is positioned above and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the right and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	left	1
1 Q and B are in a vertical line with Q on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	above	1
1 W is sitting at the upper right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 C is directly north west of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 A and J are vertical and A is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	above	1
1 O is over there and Y is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	left	1
1 A is to the right of S horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	right	1
1 Y is on the right side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	left	1
1 H presents left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	left	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	left	1
1 H presents over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	above	1
1 P is to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	left	1
1 O is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 I presents right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	right	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	left	1
1 F and O are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 D is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 K is placed at the lower left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	right	1
1 F is there and Z is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 N is diagonally left and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 L is over there and U is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the top-left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is at the lower side of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	left	1
1 B is positioned above S and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 M is above A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 G and M are side by side with G to the left and M to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	left	1
1 N and U are parallel, and N on the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	left	1
1 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	right	1
1 P is above U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 C and F are parallel, and F is below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	below	1
1 C is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	right	1
1 K is at R's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 U is on the lower left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 K is at the bottom and R is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the lower position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q is above and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there and L is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	below	1
1 C presents below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	below	1
1 H is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 J and H are vertical and J is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	below	1
1 N and X are parallel, and N is on top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	below	1
1 R is sitting at the upper right position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the bottom-right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	left	1
1 F presents upper right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the right and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	right	1
1 B and Q are next to each other with B on the left and Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	right	1
1 S and C are both there with the object S above the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 K is over there and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	left	1
1 B and R are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	above	1
1 Y is above W at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the lower left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	right	1
1 N is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	right	1
1 U and H are parallel, and H is below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	below	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	above	1
1 K and J are in a vertical line with K on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	below	1
1 C and F are parallel, and C on the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	left	1
1 Y and U are parallel, and Y is over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 D and R are next to each other with D on the left and R on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	right	1
1 C and W are side by side with W at the bottom and C on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	above	1
1 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 G is on the left and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	left	1
1 D is directly south east of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned above and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 S presents below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	below	1
1 F is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	below	1
1 Z is placed on the top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 P and W are parallel, and P is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 F is sitting at the top position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	below	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	right	1
1 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q is south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	below	1
1 B and D are horizontal and B is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	right	1
1 P is above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	above	1
1 O and L are vertical and O is above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	above	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the lower left position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned up and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 I is under Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	below	1
1 I is at Os 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 G is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 G is above N and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 C is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the right of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	left	1
1 K and Q are parallel, and K is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 S is placed at the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 P and M are both there with the object M below the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	above	1
1 K is placed on the top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 X is sitting at the lower left position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the right side and top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the top-right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 D presents upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	below	1
1 R is to the top right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 A is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 X is directly above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	right	1
1 G and S are parallel, and G is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	left	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	right	1
1 O and L are next to each other with L on the right and O on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	left	1
1 A is at Ms 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 T is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 N is over there with O below.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	above	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Z and Q are both there with the object Z is to the left of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	right	1
1 O is south east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 S and N are horizontal and S is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	right	1
1 A and P are next to each other with A on the left and P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 S is positioned down and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 M is diagonally above Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the right side and top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Q is placed at the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the bottom right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 Q is directly north east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 D and E are vertical and D is above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	below	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 D and V are vertical and D is above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	below	1
1 W is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	right	1
1 B is to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 T presents below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	below	1
1 I is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	above	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	above	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	below	1
1 B is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the bottom-left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 C is above P and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 U is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 Y and W are parallel, and Y on the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	right	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	right	1
1 F is diagonally left and above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L is above Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the left and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	left	1
1 S is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	left	1
1 H and Y are both there with the object H is to the right of object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	right	1
1 H and J are in a vertical line with J below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	above	1
1 N is over there and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	left	1
1 A and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	left	1
1 F is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 I is over there and A is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	above	1
1 C is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the right side and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there with T above.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	above	1
1 F and G are vertical and F is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	below	1
1 C is positioned below Z and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 X and G are both there with the object X above the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 Z presents upper right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned in the top left corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 X is above P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 S is diagonally left and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 V is below F and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the right side and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 H and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	below	1
1 R is to the top-right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 S and C are parallel, and S is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	left	1
1 E and Q are parallel, and E is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 B is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Z is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 D is north east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	below	1
1 F is to the top-right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 C and D are parallel, and C is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 W is upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the left side of and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 F presents right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	left	1
1 B is directly above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	above	1
1 N is on the lower left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 L and J are in a vertical line with J below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	below	1
1 Object M is below object D and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	right	1
1 Q is below and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the right side and top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Z is on the top side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 V and O are both there with the object O below the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	above	1
1 T is south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 E is below Y at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 V is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 K is north east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	above	1
1 I is directly above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	below	1
1 G is at M's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	above	1
1 S presents below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	above	1
1 T is to the bottom left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 E and V are parallel, and E is to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	right	1
1 I is positioned left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	left	1
1 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	below	1
1 P and M are in a vertical line with M below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	above	1
1 Q is directly below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	above	1
1 L is north west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the right side and top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned down and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 O and Y are both there with the object Y below the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	below	1
1 A is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the left side and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 J is over there and X is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	left	1
1 K is placed at the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	below	1
1 B is above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	above	1
1 K is positioned left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	left	1
1 S is at the lower side of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 A is positioned above V and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned above Y and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 T is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 V is directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	above	1
1 H is to the left of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 K is above U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	below	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting at the lower left position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned above F and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 D and B are both there with the object B below the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	below	1
1 S is upper right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally right and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 P and W are parallel, and P on the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	right	1
1 S is placed at the lower left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the bottom-right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the bottom right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	left	1
1 B presents below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 H is upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the left of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	right	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object P is positioned directly below the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	above	1
1 R is on the left side and above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 M and E are vertical and M is above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	above	1
1 J is positioned in the top left corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 O is diagonally left and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 R and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	below	1
1 Object W is below object G and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the left of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	right	1
1 J is directly north east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the upper right position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	below	1
1 K and N are parallel, and K on the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	left	1
1 X is to the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 U is below D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	above	1
1 Q and C are both there with the object C below the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	above	1
1 S and G are vertical and S is above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 S and D are vertical and S is above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	below	1
1 J is directly north west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 D and S are next to each other with S at the bottom D on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	above	1
1 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 J is below M at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 F and P are parallel, and P is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	below	1
1 G is placed in the left direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	left	1
1 J is directly south west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	left	1
1 G and T are horizontal and G is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	left	1
1 M is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	right	1
1 W is at X's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	above	1
1 S is to the left of T horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	right	1
1 I and D are side by side with I on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	below	1
1 S is directly south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	right	1
1 Z is above and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 K is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 S and K are parallel, and S on the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object B is positioned directly above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	below	1
1 G is positioned up and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Y and Q are next to each other with Y on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	above	1
1 M is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally left and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 S is at the lower side of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	below	1
1 O is placed at the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 L is over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	below	1
1 W is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	right	1
1 Q presents left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	left	1
1 L presents right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	left	1
1 O is sitting at the top position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	below	1
1 D is directly north west of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the top of Z vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object P is positioned directly above the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	below	1
1 M is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 P presents over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	below	1
1 Y is sitting in the left direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	left	1
1 V and A are parallel, and V is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	left	1
1 O and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	left	1
1 V is directly above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 L and A are next to each other with L on the top and A at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the top side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	below	1
1 C is positioned below X and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned down and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 O is positioned down and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Z is over there and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	left	1
1 D is north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I is above and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting at the lower left position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 X is on top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	above	1
1 I is north east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 J and D are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	left	1
1 C and G are horizontal and C is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	right	1
1 G is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	above	1
1 U is on the right side to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 O is over there with K above.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 K is positioned below J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 X is placed at the lower left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there with N below.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	below	1
1 J is to the bottom-right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there and P is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	right	1
1 Object F is below object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the bottom-right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	right	1
1 D is above K at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the lower right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 A is over there and M is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	right	1
1 O and Y are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 N and T are both there with the object N is to the left of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	right	1
1 C is over there and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	right	1
1 S is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	right	1
1 Z is positioned above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	above	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Y is directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	below	1
1 U is positioned above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	above	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Y is positioned above H and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 B and V are in a vertical line with V below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	above	1
1 G is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	below	1
1 K is on the top side to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	below	1
1 A is positioned above K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 E is at the lower side of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	below	1
1 H is diagonally left and above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 M and Y are vertical and M is above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	above	1
1 K and S are side by side with K to the left and S to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	left	1
1 U is sitting at the upper left position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the top right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	left	1
1 U is on the right side and top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting at the lower position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	above	1
1 L is placed in the right direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 P presents right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	right	1
1 P is on the left side and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 P and B are parallel, and P on the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	right	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 V is diagonally left and above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z is below and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	right	1
1 O and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	left	1
1 N is on the lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	left	1
1 Z is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 The object Z and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 S and X are horizontal and S is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	left	1
1 Q presents below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	above	1
1 H and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 T is at the lower side of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	above	1
1 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	below	1
1 H is on the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 D is south east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting at the upper right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is positioned below Z and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower right position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the lower left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 H is over there with D below.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	below	1
1 Object Q is below object W and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object J is positioned directly below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	below	1
1 D is placed at the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	below	1
1 P is on the right side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 M is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Object I is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 I is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 M and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	left	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H is below and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the right side and top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	above	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 V is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting at the lower position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	below	1
1 L is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 G is placed at the lower right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Y and U are both there with the object Y is to the left of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	left	1
1 V is positioned right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	right	1
1 T is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	left	1
1 N and X are next to each other with N on the left and X on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 B is south east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 J is above D and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	left	1
1 Z is over there and P is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	below	1
1 V is on the right side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	left	1
1 J is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	right	1
1 F is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 N presents upper right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the left side and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 I and U are vertical and I is below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	below	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	below	1
1 P is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 W is upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 J presents lower right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	above	1
1 R is positioned above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	below	1
1 D and E are parallel, and D is on top of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	below	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 G is north east of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 A and L are parallel, and A is under L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 F is diagonally right and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	below	1
1 H is at the lower side of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	above	1
1 O is on the right side and top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 H and N are parallel, and H is over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	below	1
1 D is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 M and W are side by side with M to the left and W to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	left	1
1 E is below and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Q is positioned below N and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	right	1
1 L and Z are both there with the object L is to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	right	1
1 Y is positioned below B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Object M is below object F and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 E and H are parallel, and E is on top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is on the right side and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is above S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	below	1
1 U is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 U is on the left and M is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	left	1
1 C is sitting in the left direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	right	1
1 T and F are horizontal and T is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Q and K are horizontal and Q is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	left	1
1 R and S are in a vertical line with S below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	below	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	right	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	below	1
1 F is to the top-right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Y is upper right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there and P is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	above	1
1 U is lower left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 N is positioned below and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Z and L are parallel, and Z on the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	left	1
1 P and D are parallel, and P on the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	right	1
1 F and N are side by side with F to the right and N to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	right	1
1 W is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 A and X are next to each other with A on the top and X at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	below	1
1 I is diagonally left and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 I and O are side by side with I to the right and O to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	right	1
1 N and Q are both there with the object Q below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	above	1
1 F and O are next to each other with O on the right and F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 L is south east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The object E and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 M is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 D and K are next to each other with K at the bottom D on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	above	1
1 C is above and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Y presents lower left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned above R and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 E is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	below	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 O is at the bottom and J is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 Z is above Q and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Y and M are horizontal and Y is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	left	1
1 I is to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	right	1
1 X is placed at the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object K is positioned directly above the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	above	1
1 F is over there with H below.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object C is positioned directly below the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	above	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	left	1
1 Object J is above object W and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 V is placed in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	below	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 A is placed on the top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	below	1
1 D is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 G and H are vertical and G is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	above	1
1 B is directly above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	below	1
1 S is above I at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 K is at G's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	below	1
1 D is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	above	1
1 N is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	right	1
1 V is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 W and S are in a vertical line with W on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	above	1
1 A is to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 D is directly north east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 L and Q are in a vertical line with L on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is over there and F is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 E is placed at the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 P is over there and U is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	above	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 L and N are parallel, and L is over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	below	1
1 N is to the top of L vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	below	1
1 H is on the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the left of M horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	right	1
1 H is on the right side and top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Q and R are side by side with Q to the left and R to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	left	1
1 F is below and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 X is placed on the top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 O is to the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Q is north west of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	right	1
1 Z is placed in the right direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	left	1
1 E is at the lower side of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	above	1
1 P is positioned above X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 V is placed at the bottom of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y and F are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	left	1
1 U is on the left side to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object C and B are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 O is sitting at the upper right position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower left position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Object E is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 C is at E's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	below	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 P is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 R is above W at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the left and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	left	1
1 X is under J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	above	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 X is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 P is above and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the left of M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	left	1
1 G presents over L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	below	1
1 G is to the bottom right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is north west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 B is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 B is sitting in the right direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	right	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 T is over there with J above.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	below	1
1 Q and E are both there with the object E below the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	above	1
1 G is placed at the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 V is on top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 X and Q are next to each other with X on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	above	1
1 T is lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 F is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	below	1
1 L is positioned below N and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 M is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 N is over there and O is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	above	1
1 C is on the left side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	left	1
1 M and A are parallel, and M is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 N and Z are side by side with N on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	below	1
1 F is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	below	1
1 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	above	1
1 M is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	below	1
1 I is over there and G is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	left	1
1 V is at the lower side of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	below	1
1 W is on the left side of and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 P presents right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 F is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the right side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	left	1
1 B is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 L and D are both there with the object D below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	above	1
1 Z and T are both there with the object Z above the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	above	1
1 D and Y are both there with the object D is to the right of object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	above	1
1 L and Q are both there with the object L above the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	above	1
1 W is below and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	right	1
1 A is placed in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	right	1
1 U is there and Z is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 J is at Rs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	right	1
1 E and X are side by side with E to the right and X to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	right	1
1 G is positioned below and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X and O are horizontal and X is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	right	1
1 B is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 E is sitting at the lower right position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 B is positioned below and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 K is at T's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P and G are parallel, and P is to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	left	1
1 S is to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	right	1
1 R presents upper right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R and T are both there with the object R is to the right of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	right	1
1 C is below Y and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the upper right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	below	1
1 B is sitting in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	right	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	right	1
1 K is over there and H is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	left	1
1 G is directly below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	below	1
1 O is over there and F is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 A is sitting in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	left	1
1 K presents upper left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	right	1
1 T and B are side by side with T to the left and B to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	left	1
1 M is positioned in the front right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the right side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 T is on the top side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	left	1
1 Z is below X at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 J is below B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	above	1
1 O is lower left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the top of G vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	below	1
1 H and G are side by side with H to the left and G to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the right side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	left	1
1 K is south west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned below B and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 M is over there with U above.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 W is on the lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 W is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	left	1
1 M is placed on the top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	above	1
1 G is on the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 W is upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object A and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 T is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and W is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	above	1
1 C is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	right	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	right	1
1 C is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	right	1
1 X is to the top of E vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	below	1
1 T and W are both there with the object T above the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 V is upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 R is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	left	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 F and T are vertical and F is above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	above	1
1 Y is over there and Z is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 O and N are in a vertical line with N below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	above	1
1 U is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	left	1
1 N and Y are next to each other with N on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	right	1
1 P is over there and L is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	below	1
1 F is on the left side and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 W and M are side by side with M at the bottom and W on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	below	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K is at Ms 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally right and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Y is directly above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	right	1
1 B is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	below	1
1 M is below L at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 H is at the bottom and M is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	above	1
1 S is diagonally right and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 D is directly south east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 P is at the bottom of E vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	below	1
1 N is directly north east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned above T and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Y and R are in a vertical line with R below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	above	1
1 Y is on the left side of and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the bottom left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 G is above and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	right	1
1 H presents right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	right	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 E is directly south east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned below X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	left	1
1 Y is positioned below Z and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 I is below and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 The objects D and G are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 X is over there and G is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object B is positioned directly above the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	above	1
1 Z is above A at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Q and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	right	1
1 R is directly south east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 T is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y is north east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	left	1
1 D is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 D is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 R is above and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	above	1
1 N is below and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 O is placed at the bottom of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	below	1
1 Q is directly north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Z is south east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned above and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the right side and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	left	1
1 N is sitting in the left direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	left	1
1 F is to the top-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 The objects J and B are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 D and L are both there with the object D above the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	above	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 M is sitting at the top position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	below	1
1 Y is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	above	1
1 E is placed at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	below	1
1 V is above and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the left of O horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	left	1
1 J is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 G is to the left of J horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	left	1
1 F is directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	below	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Y and K are parallel, and Y is over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	above	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper right position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	below	1
1 U presents below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	below	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	left	1
1 B and S are side by side with B to the right and S to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	right	1
1 C is to the bottom-right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the right of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	right	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the top-right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	above	1
1 X is placed in the right direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	left	1
1 X is over there and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	left	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 D is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	above	1
1 F is over there and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	right	1
1 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	below	1
1 M is above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object I and T are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N presents left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	right	1
1 L and M are side by side with L to the left and M to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 R is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 F is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 X presents right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	left	1
1 G is at As 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	left	1
1 N is at S's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	right	1
1 Y is on the right and D is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 X is over there and L is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	above	1
1 R is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 Y is directly north east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	below	1
1 T is positioned above X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is lower right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned down and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Y is directly north west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 R is on the right side and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 T is at the lower side of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object N and U are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 U and W are side by side with U to the left and W to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	left	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	right	1
1 D is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	above	1
1 I is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	right	1
1 C is below S at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	right	1
1 The objects I and F are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the bottom-right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	above	1
1 N is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 F and R are side by side with F to the right and R to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	left	1
1 W is positioned down and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the left and U is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	left	1
1 K is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J is diagonally left and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 B is directly below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	above	1
1 P is upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object S is positioned directly below the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Z and G are both there with the object G below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	below	1
1 O and D are next to each other with O on the left and D on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	left	1
1 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the upper right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 P and H are side by side with P to the right and H to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	right	1
1 J and U are in a vertical line with U below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	above	1
1 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	left	1
1 M is sitting at the top position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	above	1
1 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	left	1
1 V is over there and E is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	below	1
1 W is to the left of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	right	1
1 H is positioned left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	left	1
1 Q is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 E is below and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	left	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 S is north west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 E is directly north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 N is above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	above	1
1 O is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	right	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 L presents lower right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned in the front right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Z and D are both there with the object Z is to the right of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	left	1
1 P is at H's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	above	1
1 V is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 V and G are side by side with G at the bottom and V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	above	1
1 T is above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	above	1
1 U and R are both there with the object U is to the right of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 The objects X and R are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the right side and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	below	1
1 E and M are horizontal and E is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 I is on the left side and above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 M and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	right	1
1 O is positioned above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	below	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 B presents below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	above	1
1 G is directly south east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 P and W are parallel, and P on the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	above	1
1 E is on the left side of and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 L and U are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	left	1
1 O is at N's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	left	1
1 S is positioned above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	below	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 M and N are next to each other with N on the right and M on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	left	1
1 B is above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	above	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, U is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the right side to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	left	1
1 D and H are both there with the object H below the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	above	1
1 R and L are next to each other with R on the left and L on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	left	1
1 F is diagonally left and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 J is sitting at the lower position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	below	1
1 D is under R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	below	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	left	1
1 Q is positioned above Z and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 G and S are next to each other with G on the top and S at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 G is below Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	above	1
1 E is on the top side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 J and R are side by side with R at the bottom and J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	below	1
1 T is positioned below and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Object D is above object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there and R is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 K is sitting at the lower position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	above	1
1 X is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	left	1
1 K presents right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	left	1
1 Q is at the bottom of H vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	above	1
1 V is positioned above O and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 D is under P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	below	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 D is at B's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	below	1
1 G is below and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the bottom right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the left of H horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 Y and W are in a vertical line with Y on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 O is to the bottom right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S is lower left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 A is directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	above	1
1 W is positioned above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	above	1
1 A is to the right of M horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 X is on the left and S is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	right	1
1 V and P are horizontal and V is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	right	1
1 W is on the right side and top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	above	1
1 P is lower left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the lower left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 X and F are parallel, and F is below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 Y is below and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 I is diagonally above D to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 O presents below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 Q is positioned above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X is upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 T is directly south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Y and C are vertical and Y is above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	below	1
1 R is to the top of Y vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	above	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	above	1
1 P is sitting in the right direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 B is at the bottom of Z vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	below	1
1 B is over there with Z above.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The object S is positioned directly above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 B is at Fs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	left	1
1 R is to the top-left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 A is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 B is at O's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	above	1
1 Z and E are next to each other with E on the right and Z on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Z is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 J is at H's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	right	1
1 C is below L at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 W is upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 H is directly below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	above	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 M is above A at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 N and L are parallel, and N is on top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	above	1
1 G is positioned below H and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 E is over there and A is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	below	1
1 O is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 T is at the bottom and O is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	above	1
1 B presents below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	above	1
1 Y is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	right	1
1 Z and E are next to each other with Z on the left and E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	left	1
1 C is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 I is placed at the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 V is above F and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 T is over there and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	left	1
1 B is above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 R and Q are next to each other with R on the left and Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	left	1
1 R and H are parallel, and R is on top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	below	1
1 W is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	below	1
1 J presents below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	below	1
1 X and E are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 J presents right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	right	1
1 W is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there with F below.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	below	1
1 R is on the lower left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	right	1
1 N is to the bottom right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 B is directly below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	above	1
1 A is positioned below O and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at T's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	right	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 F is above and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	above	1
1 S is to the top-left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the left side of and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the right side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	right	1
1 V is on the lower left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object U is positioned directly below the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	below	1
1 D and X are both there with the object D above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	below	1
1 V is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	left	1
1 W is upper right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the lower left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 U is at Ls 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	right	1
1 I is to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the bottom-left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned in the lower right corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the left of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	right	1
1 I is directly south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S and C are both there with the object S above the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	above	1
1 Q is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 C is lower left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	right	1
1 N is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	right	1
1 L is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 M is at B's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	right	1
1 R is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	right	1
1 P is south west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting at the upper left position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 C is diagonally right and above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned above D and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is positioned directly above the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	above	1
1 P is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	right	1
1 H and J are parallel, and H is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	right	1
1 D is over there and V is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	left	1
1 P is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 D is below and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned in the top left corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	above	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	below	1
1 G is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there and I is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	left	1
1 Object R is above object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the left side and above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 C is at L's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	right	1
1 Q and J are side by side with Q to the left and J to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	right	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 D presents lower left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the top of Q vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	below	1
1 M is diagonally below A to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 U is above T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	above	1
1 F is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	left	1
1 H and E are parallel, and H is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	right	1
1 C is upper right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 B is placed in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	left	1
1 U is below T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 C and Y are horizontal and C is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	left	1
1 G is directly north west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 U is placed at the upper right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 V and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	left	1
1 E is to the top right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 R and K are parallel, and R is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	right	1
1 F is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	right	1
1 U is directly below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 P is above V and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally above F to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 J and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	left	1
1 A is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	right	1
1 T and B are parallel, and T is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	right	1
1 J is placed on the top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is at the bottom of H vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	above	1
1 M is on the top side to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	below	1
1 K is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	left	1
1 Q is over there with L below.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X and O are next to each other with O at the bottom X on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	below	1
1 J presents upper right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 E and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and E on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	above	1
1 J is directly above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	above	1
1 H is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	above	1
1 R is positioned below D and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 V is under P.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	below	1
1 Y is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 V is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 O is on top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	below	1
1 Object Y is below object J and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 X and K are side by side with K at the bottom and X on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	above	1
1 Q is positioned left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	left	1
1 H and J are next to each other with J at the bottom H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	above	1
1 J is on the left and U is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 O is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	left	1
1 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	right	1
1 F is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	left	1
1 U is at M's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	below	1
1 A presents upper right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there with V above.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	above	1
1 Y is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 J and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	left	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	right	1
1 F presents lower left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the top position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	above	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Object T is above object K and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the lower left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	below	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	left	1
1 C is north west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	right	1
1 Y presents upper left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	below	1
1 P is below and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 K and L are in a vertical line with L below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	above	1
1 D is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H and R are both there with the object H is to the right of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	right	1
1 T presents upper left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 T is placed on the top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	below	1
1 K is placed in the right direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	right	1
1 C is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned above Y and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 E is below and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 L is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the left side and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally right and above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 U and R are next to each other with R on the right and U on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object W is positioned directly above the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	above	1
1 D is placed in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	right	1
1 R is to the upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 G is lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 O is diagonally below F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 C is above E and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 C is below K and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting at the lower left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Object I is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed at the bottom of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	above	1
1 Z and A are both there with the object Z is to the left of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	left	1
1 J is upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	left	1
1 V and G are parallel, and V is under G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object R is positioned directly above the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	below	1
1 R and E are parallel, and R is under E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 N presents upper left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 X is sitting at the top position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	below	1
1 A is positioned above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	below	1
1 S is over there and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	right	1
1 C presents right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	right	1
1 K is sitting in the left direction of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	left	1
1 Y is north east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned below G and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 S is south east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 D and M are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	right	1
1 Q is placed at the lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 V is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 M is over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	below	1
1 Object C is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 I is placed at the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 P is directly above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	below	1
1 N is to the bottom-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	left	1
1 R and Z are next to each other with R on the left and Z on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the lower left position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 D and Y are side by side with D to the left and Y to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 A presents upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	above	1
1 B and Y are parallel, and B is over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	below	1
1 A presents below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	below	1
1 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 K and Q are both there with the object K is to the right of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	left	1
1 X is positioned below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 T is on the left side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	right	1
1 S is upper right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 T is below M at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	left	1
1 D is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Object N is below object G and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	below	1
1 S is below L and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 E and M are both there with the object M below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object K and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 M is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, B is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 F and C are both there with the object F is to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	left	1
1 F is sitting at the lower position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	below	1
1 N is below W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	below	1
1 Object Z is above object S and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 A and X are vertical and A is above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	below	1
1 C and X are horizontal and C is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	right	1
1 T is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 C presents upper left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	above	1
1 L is below G and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 N and Z are horizontal and N is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 N is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	left	1
1 Z is south west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 H is below W at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 P is over there and J is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 The objects H and I are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 G and U are parallel, and G is over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	above	1
1 P is on the left side and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the left side of and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	left	1
1 K is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	below	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 S is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	above	1
1 H is lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 G is above and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 W and S are next to each other with W on the top and S at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	above	1
1 L is directly north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 T is diagonally to the bottom right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 W and A are both there with the object W above the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 K and C are side by side with K on the top and C at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	below	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 M is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	left	1
1 K and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	right	1
1 D is placed in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	left	1
1 P is directly south west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 S is on top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	below	1
1 W is positioned left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	right	1
1 S presents lower right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Object N is below object E and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 W is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the top position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 Y is over there and B is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Q and T are both there with the object Q is to the left of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	left	1
1 B is to the top right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 V presents upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 X is under Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	above	1
1 F is to the left of T horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	left	1
1 G is over there and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	left	1
1 J is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	right	1
1 C is positioned up and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object R and V are there. The object V is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 B is directly below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	below	1
1 D is directly south east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 E and U are next to each other with U on the right and E on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	left	1
1 T is on the upper right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 S and N are side by side with S to the left and N to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	right	1
1 X and O are parallel, and X is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object U is positioned directly below the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	above	1
1 F and L are vertical and F is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object Y and J are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 B is below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	below	1
1 E is at the lower side of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	below	1
1 D and H are parallel, and D is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 L and U are in a vertical line with U below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	above	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 D is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the left of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	right	1
1 T is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O and U are both there with the object O is to the left of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	right	1
1 The objects X and S are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Object D is below object X and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T is north west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 N and W are next to each other with W at the bottom N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	below	1
1 F presents upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 L and R are parallel, and L is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	left	1
1 O is on the left and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	left	1
1 Q is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Y and Z are both there with the object Z below the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The objects A and K are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 X is over there and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	right	1
1 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 F is above Y at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	right	1
1 O is below K and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 L and Y are parallel, and L is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	above	1
1 R is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 D is above N and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 U is over there and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	right	1
1 R is above Y at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	left	1
1 W is placed in the left direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there and B is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	right	1
1 L is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the top-right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Y is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 U is over there and P is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	right	1
1 T presents lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 H is upper right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	below	1
1 T is over there with O below.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	above	1
1 O is to the bottom right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 W and T are both there with the object T below the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	below	1
1 The object Q and F are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L is over there and A is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	right	1
1 N is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	above	1
1 I and P are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	left	1
1 J and K are side by side with J on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	above	1
1 J is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	left	1
1 V is to the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the lower left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 P is over there with T below.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	below	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 M presents upper left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	right	1
1 R is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at Bs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 W is positioned in the front right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	above	1
1 J is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 M is sitting in the left direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 S is at I's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	left	1
1 O is positioned above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 I is lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 D and O are in a vertical line with O below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	above	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 I is at V's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 N presents below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	above	1
1 A is at the bottom of D vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	above	1
1 A is below and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 G is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	below	1
1 N is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	below	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the left and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the upper left position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 B is above P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	below	1
1 R presents lower right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 W is on the left and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 P is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there and J is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	above	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, B is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the bottom and P is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	below	1
1 M presents left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	right	1
1 F is below I and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 C is placed at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	above	1
1 G is lower left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 R and K are both there with the object R above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 I is positioned left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	left	1
1 D and H are in a vertical line with D on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	below	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the right side and top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Q and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	left	1
1 Object A is above object P and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	right	1
1 H is below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	above	1
1 T is directly north east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 C presents below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	above	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	left	1
1 N is over there and B is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	right	1
1 K is to the bottom left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	below	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	above	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 M is above and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 N is diagonally right and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 F and T are side by side with F to the left and T to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	left	1
1 I is over there and N is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	below	1
1 F is to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 F is directly south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 G is directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	above	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 F is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Y and I are vertical and Y is above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	above	1
1 O is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	left	1
1 C and L are vertical and C is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	above	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 F and I are parallel, and F on the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	left	1
1 O and Y are parallel, and O is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 F is diagonally right and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 J is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned above and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Z and X are in a vertical line with Z on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	above	1
1 V is positioned above X and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Q and R are in a vertical line with Q on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	above	1
1 P and Q are both there with the object P is to the right of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	left	1
1 F is over there and S is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	left	1
1 B and E are parallel, and B is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	right	1
1 G is positioned in the front right corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 M and W are vertical and M is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	below	1
1 D is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M is directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 V is positioned up and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Z is directly above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	below	1
1 L is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	above	1
1 A is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	below	1
1 C is on the right side and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 R and K are next to each other with R on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	left	1
1 R is over there and V is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	below	1
1 H is on the lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	below	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 U is placed in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	left	1
1 V is on the left side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	left	1
1 Q is above J at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S is below Z at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	right	1
1 P is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 K is placed on the top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is below C and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 K and Q are side by side with K on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the lower left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	left	1
1 L and N are parallel, and L is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	left	1
1 Y is over there and O is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	left	1
1 E is over there and Y is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 T is positioned right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the top and I is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	above	1
1 C is on top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 G is on top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	below	1
1 T is positioned above P and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 R is above A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally right and above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	right	1
1 W is to the top-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 F is lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 F and I are parallel, and F is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is under I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	below	1
1 P and D are parallel, and D is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	below	1
1 S and O are parallel, and S on the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	left	1
1 Z is on the upper right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 F and T are vertical and F is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	above	1
1 K is on the left side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	left	1
1 D is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object M is positioned directly below the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	below	1
1 K is above and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	right	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 U is below M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	left	1
1 B is to the top of U vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	below	1
1 J is at I's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	left	1
1 B is positioned in the front right corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 K is directly above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	above	1
1 I is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting at the top position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	below	1
1 R is placed on the top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	below	1
1 T is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	left	1
1 M is directly above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	below	1
1 A is placed at the bottom of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the lower position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W is below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	below	1
1 H is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 Y is positioned in the top left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 R and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	below	1
1 M is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	above	1
1 S is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	above	1
1 D is on the left and U is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	right	1
1 D presents upper left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 J is below M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	above	1
1 A is placed at the bottom of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	above	1
1 N is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	below	1
1 G is at Ms 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	left	1
1 N is on the right and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 Object Z is below object N and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 J is at X's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	left	1
1 V is sitting at the upper left position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 N is at G's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	below	1
1 Y is positioned above W and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 A is above E and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 O is south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 F and R are next to each other with F on the left and R on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 H and X are parallel, and H is over X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is south east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 B is diagonally above F to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	left	1
1 L and R are both there with the object R below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	above	1
1 F is directly north east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 N is placed on the top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	below	1
1 F is positioned below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	left	1
1 C and R are horizontal and C is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q is positioned down and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the upper right position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R is at B's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 X is on the right and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	right	1
1 J is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 K is on the left side and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	right	1
1 U and N are parallel, and U on the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object D and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 M is directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	below	1
1 H is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	left	1
1 Z is placed at the lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	right	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	above	1
1 J is there and Z is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 C is placed in the left direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	right	1
1 F is to the bottom right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	left	1
1 M is on top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	above	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned down and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 D is at the bottom of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	below	1
1 T is sitting at the top position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	above	1
1 P is above A at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 M is directly above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 I is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	above	1
1 T is to the bottom left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The object T and Q are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 P and M are parallel, and P on the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 R is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	left	1
1 X is lower right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 A is at Ls 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the right side and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed in the left direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	left	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 Y is over there and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	left	1
1 C is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	right	1
1 G is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	right	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 P is at X's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	right	1
1 O is positioned above N and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 K is sitting in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 D is on top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	above	1
1 Object Y is below object J and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 R is on the right side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	left	1
1 J is lower right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 Object L is below object U and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The objects Z and F are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	right	1
1 F is on the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Y is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 M is at the lower side of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	below	1
1 X is on the left and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	right	1
1 E is at the lower side of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 A is placed at the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Y is over there and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	left	1
1 D is over there and M is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	above	1
1 C is on the left side to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	left	1
1 D is on the left side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	left	1
1 M presents left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 Z is to the top of L vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	below	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Y is diagonally right and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting in the left direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	left	1
1 X is to the top-left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 X and K are parallel, and X on the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	right	1
1 T is diagonally right and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the bottom right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 M and A are parallel, and M is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	below	1
1 C and Y are parallel, and C is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	left	1
1 F and M are both there with the object M below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	above	1
1 Y is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Q is to the top-right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the left of L horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	left	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 G is directly north east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 W presents upper left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 N and R are side by side with N on the top and R at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	above	1
1 Q and E are next to each other with Q on the left and E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	left	1
1 V is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 C is at the bottom and E is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	above	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 T is sitting at the upper right position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting in the left direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	left	1
1 V is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	below	1
1 Q is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	above	1
1 T and F are next to each other with F on the right and T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	left	1
1 A is under Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	below	1
1 B is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	left	1
1 J is directly south west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 M is sitting in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	above	1
1 I is placed at the bottom of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 C is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 L is directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	above	1
1 O is sitting in the right direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	left	1
1 M is below and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 N presents below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	below	1
1 I is directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 W is on the right side and top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 V is directly below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 I is lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 A is above L and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Y and Z are vertical and Y is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 K is on the left side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q is at Is 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	right	1
1 F and E are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	right	1
1 W is above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 F is directly north east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 U is south east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 U and F are next to each other with U on the left and F on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	left	1
1 N is below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 M is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	right	1
1 H is positioned above and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 G is placed in the right direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	left	1
1 E and A are parallel, and E on the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	right	1
1 H and R are horizontal and H is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	right	1
1 A is positioned below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	below	1
1 S is on the left and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 Y is positioned up and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of C and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the upper left position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned above I and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 F is directly north east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the left and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	below	1
1 B is directly south west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 U is directly south east of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned above F and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	right	1
1 B is positioned above S and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	left	1
1 R and X are both there with the object X below the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	above	1
1 S is to the bottom right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the lower left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 W is below H and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 S and F are side by side with S to the right and F to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object Q is positioned directly above the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	above	1
1 B and E are both there with the object B above the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	above	1
1 Y is to the top-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 A is over there and T is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	above	1
1 The object G and U are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 U and G are parallel, and U on the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	right	1
1 Q is positioned right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object U is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 C is placed at the lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 R is on the right and S is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 S is at the bottom and L is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	below	1
1 S is over there and T is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	right	1
1 L is positioned in the lower right corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and C is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	right	1
1 Y is placed at the lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 E is directly above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 O is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally right and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 I and L are next to each other with I on the top and L at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	below	1
1 T and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	right	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	left	1
1 X is directly south west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Z is above R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 K is on the left side of and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the upper left position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 O is at V's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	left	1
1 H is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 N is over there and O is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	right	1
1 O and K are in a vertical line with O on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	above	1
1 Y is to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 G is placed at the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 R is over there and U is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 M and O are in a vertical line with M on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	above	1
1 A is placed in the left direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	left	1
1 P presents upper left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Z is lower left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	above	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	left	1
1 T is above D at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	right	1
1 Object X is below object D and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 O is lower left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	below	1
1 P is at the bottom and K is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	above	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	left	1
1 G is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 H is upper right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the right side and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 R is over there with X above.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	below	1
1 J is upper right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 T is lower right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 U is on top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	below	1
1 Z is at the bottom of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	above	1
1 G is above and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 E is placed at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the top-right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the upper left position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 V and J are horizontal and V is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	right	1
1 H is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	right	1
1 Object G is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 C is upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	right	1
1 D is lower right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z and K are both there with the object Z is to the right of object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Z is diagonally left and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 E is directly above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	above	1
1 Z presents upper right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 T is placed at the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 L and U are side by side with U at the bottom and L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is to the bottom-right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 F is lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 C and V are next to each other with V on the right and C on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	left	1
1 Z is above and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Object J is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 U is above A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	above	1
1 N is over there with I below.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	below	1
1 Y is above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	above	1
1 T presents lower left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Z and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and Z on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	right	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W and H are parallel, and W is under H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	above	1
1 L is to the bottom-left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the lower left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 T presents over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	below	1
1 N is above E at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the left side to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	left	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 A and Y are parallel, and A is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 T presents right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	left	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	above	1
1 V is to the bottom-left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 C is above X and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 X and G are horizontal and X is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the bottom-left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	below	1
1 P is over there and I is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the lower left position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 S and J are parallel, and S is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is to the top-left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The objects D and H are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U and N are both there with the object U is to the right of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z is on the top side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	right	1
1 S is at the bottom of A vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	below	1
1 Y is on the right side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	right	1
1 T is on the lower left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the lower left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T is sitting in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	left	1
1 Z is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	right	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Object G is below object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 I is over there and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	left	1
1 I is below N and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there with D above.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	above	1
1 G is upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 H and T are in a vertical line with T below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	above	1
1 F is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 X and N are in a vertical line with N below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	below	1
1 A is diagonally above K to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	below	1
1 V and M are parallel, and V is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	left	1
1 V presents upper left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object S and K are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned below and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	above	1
1 F is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned below and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Y is directly above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	above	1
1 F presents lower left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 G is at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	above	1
1 J is over there with I below.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the lower position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	above	1
1 L is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	left	1
1 X is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 H is upper right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 R is diagonally left and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally right and above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed at the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 L is at S's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 C is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	right	1
1 T is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 C is placed at the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally left and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 F is directly below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	below	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	right	1
1 P is sitting at the upper left position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 D is upper right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 F and B are parallel, and F is under B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	above	1
1 Z and B are parallel, and B is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 T is on the right and I is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	right	1
1 W and B are vertical and W is above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	below	1
1 L is placed at the lower right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 J is north west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 S is upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 U is over there and E is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	right	1
1 K presents lower right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	right	1
1 A and D are vertical and A is above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	below	1
1 C is on the left and G is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	right	1
1 G is on the right side to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, L is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L is above F at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 A and D are side by side with A on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 U and R are horizontal and U is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 V is above F at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 M presents lower left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the bottom-right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	left	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	below	1
1 Object K is above object V and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	left	1
1 F is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	right	1
1 J and Z are parallel, and Z is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	above	1
1 J is directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	below	1
1 S is positioned down and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Object S is above object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The objects Q and V are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 V and C are parallel, and V on the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	right	1
1 I is placed in the left direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	right	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	right	1
1 D is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally right and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 T is over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	below	1
1 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	right	1
1 I is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	above	1
1 W and L are side by side with W to the left and L to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	right	1
1 U is positioned below Z and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S is directly south east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 N is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	left	1
1 K is placed at the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 O is north west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 K is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	left	1
1 N is to the top-left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 R is directly north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 D is at the bottom and U is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	above	1
1 F presents lower right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 D is placed in the right direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	right	1
1 G is to the left of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	left	1
1 E is positioned below V and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 I is above and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the left side of and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 W presents upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, U is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 B is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 T and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and T on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned above S and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 O is above Z at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed at the upper right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 P is above Y and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 S and B are horizontal and S is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	right	1
1 S is on the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 H is over there and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	left	1
1 T and X are next to each other with T on the top and X at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	below	1
1 U is to the bottom-left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 H is at the lower side of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	below	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 U and N are parallel, and U is over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	above	1
1 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	right	1
1 V and X are parallel, and V is on top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	below	1
1 R is placed in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	left	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the right and V is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 T is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	right	1
1 L is below and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 K is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 W and S are next to each other with W on the left and S on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	right	1
1 H and G are next to each other with H on the left and G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	left	1
1 E is positioned left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object S and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 D and P are both there with the object D is to the right of object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	left	1
1 D and Z are in a vertical line with D on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	above	1
1 L is on the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 J is north east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 B is placed in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object N is positioned directly above the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 W is on the right side and top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 G and K are horizontal and G is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 D and N are in a vertical line with N below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	below	1
1 R is positioned below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	below	1
1 O is north east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 S is at L's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	above	1
1 N presents lower right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 I is lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	above	1
1 W is positioned up and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the left side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	right	1
1 The objects P and D are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at the lower side of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	above	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	left	1
1 R is on the left side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	left	1
1 W is positioned down and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 R is below C at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Object N is below object E and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 L is placed at the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 W and G are next to each other with W on the left and G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	left	1
1 G is directly south east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting in the right direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	left	1
1 D is over there and S is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	below	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 K is below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 C presents over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	above	1
1 Object A is below object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 D presents left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	left	1
1 H is to the top-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 L is south west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 A is over there with Z above.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Z and Q are side by side with Z to the right and Q to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	right	1
1 O is below and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 E is upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 C is below A at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 H is directly south west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	left	1
1 T and B are parallel, and T is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	below	1
1 Object G is below object M and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	above	1
1 N is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 T and O are parallel, and T is on top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	below	1
1 K is placed at the lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 R is on top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	below	1
1 T presents upper left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	below	1
1 T is over there and O is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 N is placed at the bottom of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	above	1
1 S is over there and V is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	below	1
1 P and C are horizontal and P is to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	right	1
1 Z is to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	left	1
1 W is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 R is below and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The objects Y and L are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 F is at the bottom of P vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	below	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	below	1
1 P is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	right	1
1 R is placed at the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 U is over there and T is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	above	1
1 Z is below A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	below	1
1 K is over T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	above	1
1 L is over there and D is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 I is over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	below	1
1 J is on the left and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	right	1
1 J is to the top-right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 K is below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	above	1
1 Y presents lower left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting in the left direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 G presents below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	above	1
1 V is to the bottom-left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 U is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 P presents upper left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	left	1
1 N is above J and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 X is at the bottom of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	above	1
1 Q is over there and H is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	below	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 X is below B and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	right	1
1 Y is at V's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	above	1
1 U is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 E is above I at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Y is lower left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	right	1
1 B is directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 P is sitting at the lower right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally left and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	right	1
1 T is over O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	above	1
1 H is on the left and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	left	1
1 O and F are side by side with F at the bottom and O on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	below	1
1 The objects L and Q are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 G is diagonally left and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the right side and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B and Z are in a vertical line with Z below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E and C are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	right	1
1 T is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T is directly below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	below	1
1 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	above	1
1 Object G is below object F and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 O is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q is to the left of J horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	left	1
1 I is positioned below U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	left	1
1 D is at S's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 Y and B are side by side with Y to the left and B to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	right	1
1 N is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 C is on the top side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 J is diagonally left and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Q is placed at the upper right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 C and G are both there with the object G below the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	above	1
1 Object P is below object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	left	1
1 N and U are side by side with U at the bottom and N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	below	1
1 G is to the bottom left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the lower right position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 I and X are parallel, and I is on top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 C is at T's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	above	1
1 P is above J at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the left side and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 K is over T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	below	1
1 E is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 W is under G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 E is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 E presents lower left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The objects K and D are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 W is placed in the left direction of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	left	1
1 U is over there and O is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	left	1
1 Object I is above object N and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 B is placed at the lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 F and U are in a vertical line with F on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 I is over there and V is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned above F and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 M and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom M on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	below	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 L and D are parallel, and L on the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	left	1
1 X is upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 Y is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 P and J are parallel, and P on the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 Object H is below object N and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and D is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	right	1
1 R is over there and J is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	below	1
1 F and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom F on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	left	1
1 V is to the right of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 M presents lower right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 D and R are next to each other with D on the left and R on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object P is positioned directly below the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	below	1
1 A is positioned below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	above	1
1 G is positioned above D and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	above	1
1 M is south east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 L presents upper left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 C presents lower left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Q is directly south east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 E and S are parallel, and S is below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	below	1
1 B and O are next to each other with O on the right and B on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	right	1
1 S is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	below	1
1 D is sitting at the top position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object K is positioned directly above the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	below	1
1 O is below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned below X and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	above	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 E is below P and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 G presents upper left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 N is above Z and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 L and H are horizontal and L is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	right	1
1 U is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	right	1
1 S presents upper left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	below	1
1 The objects Q and X are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 R presents lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 P is above C and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned down and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned above A and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 D and V are next to each other with D on the top and V at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	above	1
1 A presents over X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	below	1
1 I is below R at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	above	1
1 M is to the bottom-right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the right side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the left side of and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 P and F are parallel, and P is under F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	below	1
1 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	below	1
1 P and R are in a vertical line with P on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	below	1
1 M is at Ds 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	left	1
1 M is lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 V and C are side by side with C at the bottom and V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	below	1
1 W presents left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	right	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the bottom-right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 S is below I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	below	1
1 S is above B and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 The objects D and W are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 U is below M and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 S presents right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	left	1
1 T and V are parallel, and T is under V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 Object G is below object C and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the right side and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Z is over there with P above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	below	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 I is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	above	1
1 O is sitting at the lower right position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 S is below O at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 E is above M at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 H and S are side by side with H on the top and S at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	below	1
1 D and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom D on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 L and F are side by side with L on the top and F at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	below	1
1 M is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and U is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	above	1
1 Q is over there and P is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	left	1
1 V is lower left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K and S are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	right	1
1 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	right	1
1 A is at Ys 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 K and S are side by side with K to the right and S to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 K is over there and Q is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed at the bottom of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	above	1
1 X is lower left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 J and Q are next to each other with J on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	below	1
1 N is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 F and P are in a vertical line with P below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	below	1
1 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	left	1
1 V is positioned below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	above	1
1 N and V are horizontal and N is to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	right	1
1 R is placed at the bottom of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	above	1
1 I is on the lower left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 M and Z are vertical and M is above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	above	1
1 P is above K and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the top position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	above	1
1 L presents right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	right	1
1 E is at the bottom of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	above	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at C's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	above	1
1 E is above and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 J is positioned down and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 T and X are both there with the object T is to the right of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	right	1
1 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	right	1
1 X is positioned above Y and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the top of S vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 I and V are side by side with V at the bottom and I on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 D is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting at the lower position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	below	1
1 K is over there and I is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	above	1
1 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	below	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	above	1
1 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the right side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is to the bottom left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Y is north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 V is below and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 O is directly above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 D is above W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	above	1
1 X is above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 L is on the right side and top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	below	1
1 M is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object U and Y are there. The object Y is above and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 J is above B at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 V is over S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	below	1
1 T is on the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 S and L are vertical and S is above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	above	1
1 O and P are parallel, and O is on top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	above	1
1 N is upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 U is directly south east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 N and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and N on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	right	1
1 H and U are parallel, and H is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	left	1
1 A is on the lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 X and D are horizontal and X is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	right	1
1 Object A is above object E and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	right	1
1 E is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	right	1
1 G is placed at the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 C is over there and V is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	above	1
1 K and C are parallel, and K is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	right	1
1 V is at Ns 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is directly south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Q and G are parallel, and Q is under G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	below	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 R is there and C is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 K is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 P is directly south west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 E is at H's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	below	1
1 G is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 D is at the bottom of Q vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	below	1
1 C and Y are both there with the object C is to the left of object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Q is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	below	1
1 J is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 M presents left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	right	1
1 E and C are next to each other with C at the bottom E on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	below	1
1 M is upper right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 V and R are parallel, and V is on top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 I is on top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	above	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Q and X are next to each other with X on the right and Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	right	1
1 N is on the left side and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 S is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	above	1
1 V is over there with N above.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	below	1
1 N is directly below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y is upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 X and Q are vertical and X is above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	above	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 I and Z are side by side with I to the left and Z to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	left	1
1 V is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 B is over L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned up and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 P is below C at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the bottom-left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the bottom left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	right	1
1 H is at W's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object D is positioned directly below the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	above	1
1 Q is positioned below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	below	1
1 W is positioned in the top left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the left side to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	right	1
1 P is south west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 C is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 A and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom A on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	below	1
1 Object L is below object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 T is directly north east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q is below N at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	above	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 K is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned above and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 O is above H and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the left and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	left	1
1 R presents left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	left	1
1 Q is north west of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Object F is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there with M below.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the top of Y vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Q is to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 S is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	above	1
1 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	below	1
1 I is at the bottom of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	above	1
1 D is south west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned in the front right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 P is over there and T is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	below	1
1 U and A are parallel, and U is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	above	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the left of P horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	left	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 T is sitting at the upper right position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned up and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 N and W are next to each other with N on the left and W on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	left	1
1 U is at the bottom of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	above	1
1 H is positioned above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	above	1
1 B is placed on the top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	above	1
1 G is over there and E is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 J is over there and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object N and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 F and U are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	left	1
1 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	left	1
1 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	below	1
1 W is positioned above D and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally below U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	right	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 J is above and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D and Z are next to each other with D on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 V is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	left	1
1 V is at the bottom of S vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	below	1
1 The object L and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	right	1
1 L is to the top-right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed at the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object Q and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	below	1
1 L presents over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	below	1
1 N and D are vertical and N is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	above	1
1 R and K are in a vertical line with K below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 T is on the top and W is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 N is above H at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 T is below X and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 I is placed at the bottom of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 P is directly above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	below	1
1 U and I are side by side with U to the right and I to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	left	1
1 E is diagonally left and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 L is below and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the left side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	right	1
1 L is to the bottom left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 K is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 V is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 G is at the lower side of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	below	1
1 W is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Object R is above object T and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 I is below C and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 H and L are next to each other with L on the right and H on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	left	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	right	1
1 X is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the lower right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 C is sitting at the lower right position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 F is upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D is there and Z is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Object T is below object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 M presents left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	right	1
1 G is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 F and O are both there with the object O below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	above	1
1 A is below K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	below	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally right and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the top right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the right of J horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the right side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	right	1
1 L is at Hs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 Object E is below object U and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 M is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	above	1
1 C is above I at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O and Z are parallel, and O is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	left	1
1 O is positioned right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	left	1
1 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	above	1
1 N is sitting at the upper left position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	above	1
1 C is positioned below P and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	right	1
1 R is to the top-left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Q and D are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	right	1
1 S is over F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	below	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	below	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 D is over there and N is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	left	1
1 S is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 F presents left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	right	1
1 X is above F and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 R is below and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the left side of and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 V and Q are both there with the object Q below the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	below	1
1 V is over there and X is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	left	1
1 S is placed at the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 G is diagonally left and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	above	1
1 K is north east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 C is above D and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally left and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the left side and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 J is at I's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	left	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	above	1
1 K and G are parallel, and K is under G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	below	1
1 K is positioned above and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting at the lower left position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M is below B at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 T is at H's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object C and X are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	left	1
1 P is to the bottom left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U is at O's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	right	1
1 F is at the bottom of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	below	1
1 I and H are both there with the object I above the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 X and E are side by side with X on the top and E at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	above	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 E is at the bottom of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	above	1
1 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Z and G are parallel, and Z is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Object Z is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object L and S are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 U is at the bottom of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	above	1
1 I is over there and T is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	left	1
1 E is placed at the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 V is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 G is diagonally right and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 I is above and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	left	1
1 M is below D at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 P and M are parallel, and P is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	below	1
1 U is over there and T is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	below	1
1 I and H are both there with the object I above the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 I is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	right	1
1 M is south east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 A is below T at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	above	1
1 P is to the top right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 P is north east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the right side and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the bottom and B is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	above	1
1 W is directly south west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 S and E are parallel, and S on the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	left	1
1 G is placed at the bottom of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	below	1
1 A presents below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	above	1
1 T is sitting at the lower right position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	right	1
1 Y is directly south west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 E is on the lower left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 E and A are both there with the object E is to the right of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	right	1
1 R is on the right and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	right	1
1 O is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 I and B are side by side with B at the bottom and I on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	below	1
1 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	right	1
1 F and P are parallel, and F is over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed at the lower left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 T and Y are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 E and D are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	right	1
1 O is upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the right and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 P is placed at the lower left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 F presents left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	left	1
1 S is above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	above	1
1 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	left	1
1 Z is on the left side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	left	1
1 A and F are next to each other with A on the top and F at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	above	1
1 Y is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	below	1
1 O is upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 X is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Object O is below object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned below and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally left and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 R is below F at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H and N are horizontal and H is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 T and Q are parallel, and T is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 U is on the top and G is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	above	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 G is below V and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 O and U are next to each other with U at the bottom O on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned above and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting at the upper left position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 D and J are parallel, and D on the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	left	1
1 R is at H's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	right	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower left position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	above	1
1 B is above L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	above	1
1 I is below A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 R and T are horizontal and R is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	right	1
1 G and D are parallel, and D is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	below	1
1 O is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the right side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	right	1
1 S is to the bottom-left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 U and A are vertical and U is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	below	1
1 Y is under I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	above	1
1 G is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	below	1
1 U is above and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the lower side of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	above	1
1 P is lower left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the left side of and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 K is positioned above I and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the bottom-left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	left	1
1 F is over there and H is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	above	1
1 G is to the right of H horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	left	1
1 W is lower left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	right	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 S and K are side by side with K at the bottom and S on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	above	1
1 N is upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 I and K are parallel, and I is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the right side and top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 L and W are vertical and L is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	above	1
1 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	left	1
1 D is above O and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The objects P and V are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Y and C are side by side with Y to the left and C to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	left	1
1 F presents upper left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Q is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U and N are horizontal and U is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Object M is below object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower left position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	right	1
1 S is on the right side and top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 V is directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	below	1
1 C and E are parallel, and C is over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	below	1
1 J is to the right of F horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	left	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	above	1
1 L is to the right of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	right	1
1 C is positioned up and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned up and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The objects V and J are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 R is directly south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned above V and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 E and G are parallel, and E is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	below	1
1 D is at Ms 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	right	1
1 W is below C at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 C is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Y is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 G is over there and Y is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	above	1
1 F is to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 F is positioned above T and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at R's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	right	1
1 M is positioned below O and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned down and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L and P are parallel, and L is to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	left	1
1 E is on the top side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	below	1
1 P is on the top side to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	below	1
1 A presents lower right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the right and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	left	1
1 C is to the bottom left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 I and Q are both there with the object I is to the right of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 I is over there and W is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	right	1
1 O is above F at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned up and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the left of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	right	1
1 C and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	left	1
1 F is on the lower left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 M presents below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Q presents right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	left	1
1 N is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 F is diagonally left and above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 The object L is positioned directly above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	below	1
1 K is to the right of L horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	right	1
1 H is over there with V above.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	below	1
1 W and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned below and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L is diagonally right and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 O and A are next to each other with O on the left and A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	right	1
1 Q is to the top of N vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally left and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Z is directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	above	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	right	1
1 Z and V are next to each other with V at the bottom Z on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 N is north east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Z is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 C and H are next to each other with H on the right and C on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 H and R are both there with the object H is to the left of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	right	1
1 F presents lower right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the lower left position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the bottom right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed in the left direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 The object L is positioned directly below the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	below	1
1 Q is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	right	1
1 Object S is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is above and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	left	1
1 A is below S at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the right side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q is to the left of G horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	left	1
1 X is on the left side and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 E is below K at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 L is below C at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Z is above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	above	1
1 B is placed in the left direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	left	1
1 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	below	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	left	1
1 H and A are parallel, and A is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	below	1
1 J is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	below	1
1 Y is on the left side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	left	1
1 K is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q is upper right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	right	1
1 U is over there and J is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	below	1
1 L is above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	below	1
1 Object B is above object D and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 X is diagonally right and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Z is above P and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	below	1
1 T and W are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 E and T are horizontal and E is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	left	1
1 F is directly above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	below	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	right	1
1 F and I are next to each other with F on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	below	1
1 F is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 K and C are parallel, and K is on top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	above	1
1 A and R are side by side with A to the right and R to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	right	1
1 K is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed at the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 The object S is positioned directly above the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	above	1
1 E is to the bottom right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 R is north west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 B is north east of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 O is placed at the lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N and L are side by side with L at the bottom and N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	below	1
1 G is directly above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	above	1
1 J and W are parallel, and W is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	below	1
1 X is diagonally right and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	above	1
1 W and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	left	1
1 N and I are side by side with N to the left and I to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	left	1
1 B is positioned below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	right	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the bottom-left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 W is above C at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 H and I are next to each other with H on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	below	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, F is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 K is above Y at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	left	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 S presents lower right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 C is directly south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 F presents below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	above	1
1 K is above and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the bottom left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 H is below J and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 U and H are next to each other with U on the left and H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	right	1
1 M is to the bottom right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 M presents right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	left	1
1 D and Z are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	left	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	above	1
1 R is on the right side and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	right	1
1 U is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	above	1
1 C is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	below	1
1 Y is below and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 W is directly north west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	right	1
1 W and S are horizontal and W is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	right	1
1 W is placed in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	left	1
1 Q and X are side by side with Q to the right and X to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 W is to the right of A horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	left	1
1 W is positioned below H and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 L is at the lower side of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 M is on the left side of and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 R and Y are both there with the object R is to the left of object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 K is diagonally right and above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 C is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	below	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 J is at X's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	above	1
1 B is positioned in the top left corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 C is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 O and K are horizontal and O is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	left	1
1 W is over there and C is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	left	1
1 P is to the bottom-left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 X is below and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned above M and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 B is below and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned below E and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 P is at J's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	right	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 X and Z are vertical and X is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	above	1
1 G is placed at the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned above and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Z is positioned below and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the left side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	right	1
1 F is to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 I is directly south west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the top position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	above	1
1 Object N is below object K and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Q presents over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	below	1
1 J is placed on the top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 C is positioned above X and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	below	1
1 D is lower left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is directly north east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 R and L are horizontal and R is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	right	1
1 H is directly south east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned in the front right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 C is positioned above I and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Z and P are side by side with P at the bottom and Z on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	below	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 O and P are both there with the object P below the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	below	1
1 V is at I's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	below	1
1 R is over there and U is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	below	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	right	1
1 The objects Q and V are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally left and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 K and A are parallel, and K is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	right	1
1 N is over there and A is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	left	1
1 H is positioned down and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	right	1
1 Z is sitting at the upper right position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Y is positioned in the front right corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	above	1
1 A is at the lower side of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	below	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	below	1
1 C is over there with U below.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	below	1
1 P is sitting at the upper right position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 J is over there and X is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	left	1
1 X is to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 K is lower right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 N and Y are side by side with N to the left and Y to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 L is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	above	1
1 A is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	below	1
1 D is below M at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 D is above Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 M is at the bottom of Z vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting at the lower left position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 V is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 N is at P's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 T is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	right	1
1 J is positioned below and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 B presents upper left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 M and D are both there with the object M is to the left of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	left	1
1 O and M are side by side with O to the right and M to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	left	1
1 P is on the left side and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 M and C are side by side with M to the right and C to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	left	1
1 M and L are vertical and M is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object E and A are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 G is positioned right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	right	1
1 F is above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 J is on the right side and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 S and K are parallel, and S on the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	right	1
1 Y is over there and T is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	left	1
1 Z and H are parallel, and Z on the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	right	1
1 R presents left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	right	1
1 J is south west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 G and I are in a vertical line with G on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	below	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	below	1
1 E is positioned right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 X presents over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 U and M are next to each other with U on the left and M on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	right	1
1 R is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	right	1
1 W is over there with Z below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	below	1
1 N is positioned in the front right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 L is at the lower side of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	above	1
1 Q and K are next to each other with Q on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	left	1
1 Y and E are next to each other with E at the bottom Y on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	above	1
1 M is positioned above K and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y and A are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	above	1
1 W is directly north east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 C and Z are horizontal and C is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 S is on the top side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	above	1
1 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 X is at the bottom of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	below	1
1 I is over there and X is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	above	1
1 W is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 B and J are parallel, and B is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	right	1
1 D is over there and A is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 N is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 W and Z are both there with the object Z below the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 U and E are parallel, and U on the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	above	1
1 P is on the top side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	above	1
1 T is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 A and M are side by side with M at the bottom and A on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	below	1
1 I is positioned below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	above	1
1 P is above and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 E and S are in a vertical line with S below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Y is positioned down and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 P is diagonally right and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	above	1
1 P is over there and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 Object I is above object F and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	right	1
1 C and S are next to each other with C on the left and S on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	left	1
1 C is below M at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting at the lower position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	below	1
1 G and U are parallel, and G on the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	left	1
1 B and Y are both there with the object B above the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Z is below W and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 B and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and B on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	above	1
1 J is to the bottom right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	above	1
1 X and U are next to each other with U at the bottom X on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	above	1
1 L is positioned above V and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned above L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 H and F are parallel, and H on the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	left	1
1 W and L are both there with the object W above the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	below	1
1 W is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	left	1
1 W is on the top and N is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	below	1
1 Q presents left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	right	1
1 G is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned in the top left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 A and B are parallel, and A is under B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	above	1
1 J and X are next to each other with J on the top and X at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	below	1
1 L is positioned up and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 J is on top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	below	1
1 H is placed at the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally left and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 I and U are both there with the object I is to the right of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 V and P are parallel, and P is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	above	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	above	1
1 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 G is above and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the lower right position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the top-right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the left side of and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 U is lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 W is diagonally right and above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the left side and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the top-left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	below	1
1 U is below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	right	1
1 X is lower right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 M presents lower right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object T and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	left	1
1 J is diagonally right and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	below	1
1 S is sitting at the upper right position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 C is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 I is placed at the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the lower position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	above	1
1 L presents below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	below	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 U is placed at the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed in the right direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q is positioned in the top left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	right	1
1 Y and P are in a vertical line with Y on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	above	1
1 Y and B are both there with the object Y is to the right of object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	left	1
1 U is on the left side and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z presents lower left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 E and V are parallel, and E on the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	right	1
1 W presents over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	above	1
1 J is at U's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	below	1
1 W and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	left	1
1 I presents right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	right	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 T and J are side by side with T to the left and J to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	right	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 G is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 K is positioned right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	left	1
1 Object K is below object V and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 P and Z are next to each other with P on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	above	1
1 V and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 K presents lower left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 F and P are side by side with F to the left and P to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	below	1
1 P is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N is above E at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 X is positioned below and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 W is directly north east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Z and A are parallel, and Z on the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	right	1
1 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	below	1
1 J is over there and C is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 N and D are parallel, and N is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	below	1
1 U is diagonally right and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is directly north east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	above	1
1 Q is below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 E is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 H is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q is below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	below	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	below	1
1 G presents over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	above	1
1 C is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	right	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	left	1
1 R presents lower right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 P is at O's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	below	1
1 C is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 T is below and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 F and L are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	right	1
1 A and W are parallel, and A on the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	left	1
1 N is below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	below	1
1 V and S are side by side with S at the bottom and V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	below	1
1 F is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	right	1
1 B presents upper left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 F is over there with T below.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	below	1
1 C is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 H is above A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	above	1
1 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	right	1
1 F and I are parallel, and F on the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	left	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 G and E are parallel, and G on the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	left	1
1 G is to the top-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 P is directly below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	below	1
1 S is on the right side to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	left	1
1 K is positioned below E and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, K is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 B is at the bottom of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	below	1
1 F and P are in a vertical line with F on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	above	1
1 V and D are horizontal and V is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object L and P are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 C and Z are in a vertical line with C on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the lower left position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	right	1
1 Y is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 E is below D at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the top right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 W is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 I and B are parallel, and I is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	right	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 F is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z is over there and F is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	right	1
1 R is placed in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	right	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 V and S are parallel, and V on the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	left	1
1 K is positioned down and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally left and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	right	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the left side of and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the bottom-right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 V is directly north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 P presents right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	left	1
1 Z is to the left of H horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	right	1
1 V is at the bottom of O vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	above	1
1 I is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	below	1
1 Z is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	right	1
1 T presents over X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	below	1
1 L presents upper left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 Object C is below object E and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 G is upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 K is south east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the top position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 R is over there and G is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 X is to the top right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 C and V are horizontal and C is to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 U and Q are both there with the object U is to the left of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	left	1
1 X presents over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	above	1
1 U and F are in a vertical line with U on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	below	1
1 P is to the left of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	right	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	below	1
1 A is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	right	1
1 G is to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 E is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 R and D are horizontal and R is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	right	1
1 The objects J and F are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the left side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	left	1
1 V is sitting in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	left	1
1 D is upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	right	1
1 O is on the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 J presents right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	left	1
1 B is on top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	above	1
1 U is upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Y is below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	below	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 M is lower right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 F and I are parallel, and F is on top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	below	1
1 Object A is above object P and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 J is at Ss 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there and G is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	below	1
1 V is diagonally right and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 I is sitting at the lower position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 The objects M and J are over there. The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 E is below T and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned below and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 F is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the left side to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	left	1
1 K is above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 X and W are horizontal and X is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	left	1
1 M is directly below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	below	1
1 Z is positioned in the front right corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Z is over there with X below.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The objects R and Q are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The object S and T are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	right	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	below	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object K is positioned directly above the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 M is placed in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	left	1
1 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	right	1
1 K is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	below	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 L is at the bottom of P vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	above	1
1 K is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 L is placed on the top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	below	1
1 P is sitting at the upper left position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 H is upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the left of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	left	1
1 Q is at the bottom of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	below	1
1 P is above L and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 E and R are side by side with E to the left and R to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	right	1
1 F is directly north east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the lower left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 M is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 A is diagonally left and above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 F and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally right and above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting at the upper right position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Object V is below object W and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 R is on the right side and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	right	1
1 X is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the lower position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	below	1
1 G is lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 C is above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	above	1
1 B is directly north east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Q is north east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object R and S are there. The object S is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 I is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 L is diagonally left and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned down and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E and D are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned up and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 E is at the bottom of A vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	below	1
1 A and Q are side by side with A to the right and Q to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	right	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 C is upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 I presents over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	below	1
1 O is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 A is placed at the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the left side and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 F is placed on the top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	below	1
1 I is on the right side to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	left	1
1 Y is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	left	1
1 R is lower left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 F and O are side by side with O at the bottom and F on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	below	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Object F is above object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	above	1
1 G is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 M is at the lower side of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	above	1
1 Y and X are in a vertical line with Y on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	below	1
1 H and J are next to each other with H on the left and J on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	left	1
1 A is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	above	1
1 X is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	right	1
1 J is sitting at the upper right position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	right	1
1 Y is on the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 B and Q are side by side with B to the right and Q to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 T is sitting at the upper right position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 F presents left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 T and L are both there with the object T is to the right of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	right	1
1 D is over there and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	right	1
1 X is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 F is at Z's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	right	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, U is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting in the left direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is to the bottom-left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 H is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	right	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	right	1
1 K presents upper left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 G is over there and K is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object P is positioned directly below the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	above	1
1 M and A are side by side with M on the top and A at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 E presents upper left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 R is positioned right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	right	1
1 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned in the front right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and T is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	right	1
1 T is positioned down and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	left	1
1 M is positioned above A and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 R and Y are vertical and R is above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	above	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 H is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 K is at the bottom of E vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	below	1
1 G is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	above	1
1 T and W are parallel, and T is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	left	1
1 N is positioned down and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the upper right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 E is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	above	1
1 R is on the lower left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 B is sitting at the lower right position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S is south west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 H is directly north west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Z is positioned in the top left corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 U is lower right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 B and N are side by side with N at the bottom and B on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	above	1
1 I is at K's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	right	1
1 Y is under R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	below	1
1 O and S are both there with the object O is to the right of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	left	1
1 C is on the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 N is at the bottom of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	above	1
1 R is positioned up and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 O and G are side by side with O on the top and G at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	below	1
1 X and I are parallel, and X is on top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	above	1
1 U is to the bottom-left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Z is directly south east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 N and I are next to each other with N on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	below	1
1 U is diagonally left and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 M is directly south east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the top-left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally left and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 A and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom A on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	above	1
1 I is on the right side and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 K is placed on the top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	below	1
1 R is diagonally right and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 F is below and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned above I and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and C is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 I presents lower left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 A is above D and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting in the left direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	left	1
1 B is below L and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The object J is positioned directly below the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	above	1
1 Z is positioned below P and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 W is below I at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Q and A are both there with the object Q is to the left of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	left	1
1 L is placed at the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 F is at Z's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the right of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	left	1
1 F is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 L is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the bottom-left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 B is placed at the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the upper left position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 W is over there and N is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 F is on the left side of and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	right	1
1 N is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 R is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Y is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	right	1
1 A is at the bottom of H vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	below	1
1 T is to the top right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 E and Y are parallel, and E is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 U is directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	above	1
1 N and F are horizontal and N is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	right	1
1 H and P are side by side with H to the right and P to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	right	1
1 M is positioned left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	left	1
1 W is over there and P is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	right	1
1 O is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	below	1
1 M is positioned in the top left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Object G is above object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	left	1
1 S is over there and J is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object A and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 J is over there and M is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 F and W are parallel, and F is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	right	1
1 X and A are next to each other with A on the right and X on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	left	1
1 T and H are next to each other with H at the bottom T on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	above	1
1 P is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	below	1
1 C is diagonally above S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting at the upper right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the top right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 W is over there with F below.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	below	1
1 L is positioned left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	left	1
1 Y and R are side by side with Y to the right and R to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 P is above F and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 P and N are parallel, and P is on top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	above	1
1 B is placed at the bottom of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	above	1
1 O is over there and W is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	left	1
1 T is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 O is directly north west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 C is sitting at the top position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	below	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Z is lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object U and C are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 M presents upper left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 O is directly south west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 W is above M at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 T and M are in a vertical line with M below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	above	1
1 M is positioned above and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	above	1
1 A is placed in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	right	1
1 E is diagonally left and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 B and C are next to each other with B on the left and C on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	left	1
1 M is on the right side to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	right	1
1 U is placed in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	right	1
1 G is placed in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	right	1
1 A presents left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object L is positioned directly below the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	above	1
1 C is at the bottom of S vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	above	1
1 U is over there and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 P is upper right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the right side and top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the top-left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 N presents lower right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the bottom right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the left of R horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	above	1
1 S is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N and C are side by side with C at the bottom and N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	below	1
1 L is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally left and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly above the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 G is on the left and S is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	left	1
1 V is north west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	right	1
1 H is to the bottom-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	right	1
1 J is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	right	1
1 O is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	right	1
1 Y is on the left side of and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	below	1
1 J is at the bottom of G vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	below	1
1 J is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	right	1
1 S is at the bottom of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	above	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is above R and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 X is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	above	1
1 W is at Ds 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	left	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 I is at the bottom of C and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	above	1
1 M is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally right and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 K and Q are parallel, and K on the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	right	1
1 A and Y are parallel, and A is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	left	1
1 M is on the right side and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 J and D are parallel, and D is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	above	1
1 U is at Y's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	right	1
1 F is placed at the bottom of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 W is on the right and L is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	right	1
1 B is directly south west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally right and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	right	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y is positioned above and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the top-left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 J is over there with N above.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	above	1
1 E is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 O is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 H is north east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 L and J are parallel, and J is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	below	1
1 W is south west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 B is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the upper right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 G is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	below	1
1 W is directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	below	1
1 W is on the top and X is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	below	1
1 Z is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting in the left direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	left	1
1 M is positioned below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	below	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned above and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	right	1
1 H is placed at the lower left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Y is positioned in the top left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	below	1
1 H is below Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 L presents left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	left	1
1 G and M are parallel, and G is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	above	1
1 I is below Y at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 J is above W and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Z is above R at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the top of Y vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	below	1
1 Object L is below object M and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 D is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the upper left position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	right	1
1 H and D are horizontal and H is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 K is over there and M is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	above	1
1 N is positioned left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 V is over there and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	left	1
1 G is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the bottom right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 L is over there and E is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	above	1
1 A and E are side by side with A to the left and E to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	right	1
1 J is north east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Y is upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 R is sitting at the upper right position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 U is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 X and I are parallel, and X is under I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	below	1
1 P is placed at the lower left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the top right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 T presents right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	right	1
1 Q is above and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 G is directly south east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 W is placed at the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 U presents lower left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 S and U are horizontal and S is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	left	1
1 N is over there and V is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned below H and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the left side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The objects J and G are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 F is over there and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the lower left position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the top-left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 E presents lower left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 W and O are horizontal and W is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	right	1
1 O is positioned above and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 I is below P and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 I is at the bottom of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	below	1
1 D is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	left	1
1 F is above L at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 I presents upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 X is below and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	right	1
1 X is on the left and K is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	left	1
1 N is under L.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	below	1
1 G is lower right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the right side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	left	1
1 B is sitting at the upper left position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 K and M are side by side with M at the bottom and K on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	above	1
1 W is upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 O is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	above	1
1 B is to the top-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	left	1
1 J is over there and F is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	above	1
1 A presents upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	left	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	left	1
1 C and D are side by side with C to the left and D to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	left	1
1 Y is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	left	1
1 S is lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 J is placed in the left direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	below	1
1 C is to the left of R horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	left	1
1 F is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 W is north west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 W is sitting at the lower left position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 X and J are side by side with X to the left and J to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 W and V are side by side with W to the left and V to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	right	1
1 Q and J are parallel, and Q is under J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	above	1
1 J presents lower left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the right and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	left	1
1 A presents over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	above	1
1 L is below M and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 H is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	right	1
1 N is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 S is at Rs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 C presents lower right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 E presents upper left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 U is below and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned above L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the top side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	below	1
1 Y is over there with V above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	below	1
1 E and V are both there with the object E is to the left of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	right	1
1 X is south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T is above I at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	right	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	right	1
1 V is positioned left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at the bottom of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	below	1
1 P is on the right and M is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	right	1
1 The objects F and E are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the right of G horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	left	1
1 L is above E at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 T is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	below	1
1 H and O are horizontal and H is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	left	1
1 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	below	1
1 Q is above L at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the top-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 O is upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	left	1
1 I is placed in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	left	1
1 A and V are both there with the object A above the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	above	1
1 O is to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the top side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	above	1
1 Y is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the top and O is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 H is below Z and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there and F is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	left	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The objects O and V are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R is below K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	above	1
1 K is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	right	1
1 R and O are next to each other with O at the bottom R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	above	1
1 The objects Y and M are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 V is directly north east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned below C and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 U and N are parallel, and U is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 E is positioned up and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	left	1
1 B is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	left	1
1 M is directly above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	below	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	above	1
1 L is directly south east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned above K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 F and R are parallel, and F on the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	right	1
1 Y and J are both there with the object Y above the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	below	1
1 J is directly north west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 The objects S and H are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 N is south west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Object Z is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	left	1
1 M is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 U is above E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	above	1
1 K presents right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	above	1
1 F is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	right	1
1 P and O are both there with the object O below the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	below	1
1 T is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is directly north east of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned in the front right corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 W is below D and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	right	1
1 C is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 F is diagonally above T to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 L is at the lower side of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	above	1
1 L and A are in a vertical line with A below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	below	1
1 K is positioned above L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 T presents upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned up and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting at the top position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	above	1
1 A is positioned above Y and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 H is over there and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	left	1
1 M is directly north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the left and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	left	1
1 M is on the lower left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	above	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	left	1
1 K is positioned above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	below	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 C is below and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The objects N and V are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object U is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the bottom right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	left	1
1 Q is positioned below and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 I is below U at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 V and N are side by side with V on the top and N at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	below	1
1 L is above and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 C is sitting in the right direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	right	1
1 B is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 V is placed in the left direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	left	1
1 A is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 F and E are parallel, and F is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	left	1
1 The object C and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the right of O horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 Q is on the right and U is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	left	1
1 X is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 S and C are parallel, and S is over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 P is below and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	right	1
1 I and K are side by side with I to the right and K to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	left	1
1 D is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	above	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there and Z is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	below	1
1 J is sitting at the upper right position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 K is directly north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 V and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	left	1
1 R is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	left	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	right	1
1 The objects T and V are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Object Z is below object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 D and V are side by side with D on the top and V at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	above	1
1 K and B are parallel, and K on the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 T is on the left and Y is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E presents left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 W and M are side by side with W to the left and M to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	left	1
1 F and L are vertical and F is above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 B and V are vertical and B is above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	above	1
1 I is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	below	1
1 N is to the top-right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 P is above W and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned above Z and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V is directly above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	above	1
1 M and F are parallel, and M on the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object O is positioned directly below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	below	1
1 O and P are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	left	1
1 H is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	above	1
1 S is above E and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 H is at the bottom and X is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	below	1
1 M is at the bottom and P is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	below	1
1 W is diagonally left and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 G is at the bottom and C is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	below	1
1 F is to the bottom left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is positioned directly above the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	above	1
1 X is on the top side to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	above	1
1 T is above C at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 G and F are next to each other with F on the right and G on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	left	1
1 L and N are in a vertical line with N below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 Y and L are parallel, and Y is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 V and F are parallel, and F is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	below	1
1 G is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 I is under O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	below	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower left position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object V is positioned directly below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	below	1
1 I is to the right of J horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	left	1
1 D is to the bottom-right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there and Q is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	left	1
1 M is below U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 J is lower left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 T is over there with F below.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 A and Y are vertical and A is below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	below	1
1 T and U are parallel, and T is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	right	1
1 Q is above W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X is on the left side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 C presents lower left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 G is north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	right	1
1 Z is below and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 D and N are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	right	1
1 Object V is below object X and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 N is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 N is above and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 C is placed at the lower left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 U is at the bottom and V is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	above	1
1 V is to the right of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 D is directly south west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object J is positioned directly above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	below	1
1 H is positioned above and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 J is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object N is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 O is directly north east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 G is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 K is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	above	1
1 M and F are parallel, and M is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 K is at V's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	below	1
1 R is positioned above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	above	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the bottom left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned above R and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned down and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 X is at the lower side of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	below	1
1 U is above and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 The object S and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 A presents right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	left	1
1 V is positioned above C and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	left	1
1 H is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	above	1
1 F is at Ss 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	right	1
1 V is above L at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 E is positioned right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	right	1
1 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	right	1
1 O is on the left side of and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 B and C are parallel, and C is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	below	1
1 V is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 S is placed at the lower left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the bottom of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	below	1
1 O is below and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 U is north east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Object N is below object D and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	right	1
1 C is over there and T is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	above	1
1 I is lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 W and B are both there with the object W above the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	above	1
1 E is below Q at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 X is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 U is above and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 T is over there with H below.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	above	1
1 G and P are next to each other with G on the left and P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	left	1
1 Z and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	left	1
1 S is on the lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the right side and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 V presents over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	above	1
1 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is directly north west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object R is positioned directly above the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	below	1
1 N is placed on the top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	left	1
1 A is positioned right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	right	1
1 N is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	above	1
1 G presents below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	below	1
1 U is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	right	1
1 I is above and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 W is diagonally left and above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 W and L are side by side with W to the left and L to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	right	1
1 C is on the right and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	right	1
1 P presents upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q is upper right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 W presents lower right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	below	1
1 The objects X and O are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned above H and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 S is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	below	1
1 G is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there with B below.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	above	1
1 K is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the right side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	left	1
1 Object H is below object D and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Y is directly north east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object D is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L is south west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 I is placed at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	above	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	right	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 F is at the lower side of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	below	1
1 V is at B's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	above	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 H is over there and X is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 The objects U and V are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 T is directly below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	above	1
1 M is positioned above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	below	1
1 X is north west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 M is lower left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object O and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Q is directly above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	below	1
1 E is positioned right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	right	1
1 J is to the right of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	right	1
1 G is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	right	1
1 H is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned below C and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	right	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 N and R are horizontal and N is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	right	1
1 G is above and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 I is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	below	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	right	1
1 X is sitting in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	left	1
1 M and B are in a vertical line with M on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	above	1
1 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	right	1
1 G presents upper left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R is directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	above	1
1 The objects A and H are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the top-left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 J and T are next to each other with T at the bottom J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	above	1
1 V is diagonally right and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	above	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the lower left position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 A and T are horizontal and A is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	left	1
1 U is below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	below	1
1 K and N are parallel, and K on the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	left	1
1 X is sitting at the top position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	below	1
1 K is directly south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 D and I are both there with the object D is to the left of object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	right	1
1 Z is above C at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the right side and top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	below	1
1 G is placed in the left direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 I is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	right	1
1 V is over there with Y below.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	above	1
1 X and D are next to each other with X on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	below	1
1 I is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 U is directly north west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 K is upper right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 N and G are in a vertical line with G below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the upper left position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Z presents over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	above	1
1 O is over there with P below.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	above	1
1 R is on the right side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 V is below and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 J is at Ss 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	right	1
1 M is to the left of X horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	right	1
1 L is placed in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 D is on the left side of and below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 N and V are next to each other with V on the right and N on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally left and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 M is below K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	below	1
1 E is there and K is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	left	1
1 H presents over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	below	1
1 A is directly north west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P and C are parallel, and C is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	below	1
1 C is over there and E is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 J presents upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally right and above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the bottom left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	above	1
1 P is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	left	1
1 B is sitting at the top position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the left and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	left	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 Object V is above object M and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the right side to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	left	1
1 R is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 K presents upper left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the top-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the right side and top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	right	1
1 T and L are parallel, and T is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	left	1
1 F and K are horizontal and F is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	right	1
1 R is at Z's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	above	1
1 T is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	left	1
1 Z is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 I and D are parallel, and D is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	below	1
1 F is positioned above N and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 N is below and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 M and X are parallel, and M is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 G is to the right of M horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	left	1
1 U and I are vertical and U is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	below	1
1 R is to the bottom-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 V and X are both there with the object V above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	below	1
1 W is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	above	1
1 G is positioned down and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the left side and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 B and O are both there with the object B is to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	left	1
1 J is below A at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	right	1
1 V is on the left side and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the bottom of U vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	below	1
1 K is placed at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	above	1
1 N is above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	below	1
1 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object I is positioned directly above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	below	1
1 K is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the left side of and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	above	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	right	1
1 B is on the left and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	left	1
1 N and S are horizontal and N is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	right	1
1 V is sitting at the top position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 B is on the right side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 N is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	left	1
1 C is placed in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 H is below I and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	above	1
1 K presents upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 A is at K's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	below	1
1 A is to the top-left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	left	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 W is diagonally left and above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 J and O are side by side with O at the bottom and J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 I presents lower right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	right	1
1 P is at the lower side of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object J and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 X is positioned right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	right	1
1 A is below and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y and P are vertical and Y is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	below	1
1 G and J are side by side with G on the top and J at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	above	1
1 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 Y presents over O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	below	1
1 L is directly south west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 J is above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 O and F are parallel, and O is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	right	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	right	1
1 E is on the right side and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the top-left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 V is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	below	1
1 U is over there and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	left	1
1 U and N are side by side with U to the right and N to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	right	1
1 E is over R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	above	1
1 U and B are vertical and U is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	below	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 U is placed on the top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	above	1
1 Object F is below object E and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 I and O are vertical and I is above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 N is at the bottom of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	above	1
1 D is above T and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 X is above V and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, F is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 R is below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 C and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom C on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	above	1
1 S is directly north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 E is placed at the lower left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 M and S are both there with the object M is to the left of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 A is south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 K presents upper right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at Qs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	left	1
1 F is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 I is at the lower side of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T and M are both there with the object M below the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	above	1
1 E is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 I and M are both there with the object I is to the right of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	right	1
1 R is at I's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	right	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	below	1
1 A is at the lower side of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	below	1
1 F and B are horizontal and F is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	left	1
1 I is diagonally left and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the lower side of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	below	1
1 X is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	above	1
1 K is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned in the lower left corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 J is positioned below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 C is above M at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Q and H are next to each other with Q on the top and H at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	below	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 A is below and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 P is lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the lower right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 I is sitting at the lower right position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the lower left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	below	1
1 J is below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	below	1
1 G and I are vertical and G is above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	below	1
1 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 I is directly north east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 L is placed at the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the lower left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 B presents lower right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 O is sitting in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	left	1
1 X is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	left	1
1 B is at Ns 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	right	1
1 J is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 S presents upper left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 U is above C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the lower right position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	below	1
1 F and G are parallel, and F is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	left	1
1 S is north east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	right	1
1 T and J are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	below	1
1 The objects A and L are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 K is sitting at the upper left position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned below H and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W is below A at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents over R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	above	1
1 S is over there and C is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	right	1
1 C is on the top and O is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	above	1
1 G is to the left of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	right	1
1 M is positioned down and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 R presents lower right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 W is at F's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 I is placed at the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	right	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	below	1
1 L is directly south east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	right	1
1 F is on the left and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	left	1
1 U is over there and Z is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	below	1
1 H is upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P is south west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 N presents right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	right	1
1 F is on the left side of and below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 L and E are side by side with L on the top and E at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	below	1
1 C is on the right and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	right	1
1 F is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 P is at G's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	above	1
1 X is on the right side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	left	1
1 K is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 J and H are next to each other with H at the bottom J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	below	1
1 M is at the bottom and E is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 E is to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 K and X are side by side with K to the left and X to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	right	1
1 F is to the top-left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 X is below E and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the bottom of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	below	1
1 U is over there with J below.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	above	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Y and D are in a vertical line with Y on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	below	1
1 V presents over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	below	1
1 K is on the right side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	right	1
1 Q is over there and S is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object J and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the left and K is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	left	1
1 X and Y are side by side with X on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	below	1
1 T is directly south east of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 N and I are parallel, and I is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	below	1
1 W is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	above	1
1 K and Q are next to each other with K on the left and Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	right	1
1 B presents left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	left	1
1 J and X are side by side with X at the bottom and J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	below	1
1 O is at R's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	below	1
1 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	right	1
1 P presents left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	right	1
1 H is over there and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	left	1
1 W is on the lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Object Q is below object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the top-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 E and A are side by side with E on the top and A at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	below	1
1 P is placed at the bottom of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	above	1
1 Z is placed on the top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 E and Y are parallel, and E is over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	below	1
1 T is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object E is positioned directly above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	above	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 N and B are next to each other with B on the right and N on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	left	1
1 Y and O are next to each other with Y on the top and O at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	above	1
1 Z is positioned below K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting at the upper left position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 I is above L at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 D is above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	below	1
1 Z is positioned below K and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Y and Q are parallel, and Y is over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	above	1
1 D is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	right	1
1 Z is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 Y is above and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 The object Q and N are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the right side and top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	left	1
1 O is below and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object B is positioned directly below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	below	1
1 V is over there and L is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	left	1
1 O is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	right	1
1 I and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	left	1
1 P and N are parallel, and P on the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 M is upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 T and G are in a vertical line with G below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 W is above J at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 W is on the right side and top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	below	1
1 K and I are side by side with I at the bottom and K on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	below	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 M and L are next to each other with L on the right and M on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	left	1
1 N is at the bottom and J is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	below	1
1 A is over there and T is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	left	1
1 G is at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	above	1
1 A and C are parallel, and A is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the right side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	below	1
1 S is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	right	1
1 B and M are side by side with B on the top and M at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	above	1
1 C and H are vertical and C is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is over there and A is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	below	1
1 I is to the bottom-right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 R and L are side by side with L at the bottom and R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the left of Y horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	left	1
1 M is above A at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The objects Y and S are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 T and G are next to each other with G on the right and T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 B is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object J and S are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there and E is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	above	1
1 B is sitting in the left direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	right	1
1 S is upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Z is above and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 E is directly north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	right	1
1 V is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 A is below H and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the right side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	left	1
1 D and J are parallel, and D on the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	right	1
1 R is positioned below W and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned below H and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 T is directly north west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 O is below D at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Q is north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T and H are next to each other with T on the left and H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	right	1
1 A is to the top of T vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	below	1
1 Object T is below object D and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 V presents left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	left	1
1 Z and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom Z on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	above	1
1 K is lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	below	1
1 L is to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 F is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 H is directly north west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the lower right position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the bottom-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 M is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	below	1
1 L is diagonally right and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 I is above A and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned below and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Q is above and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	right	1
1 J and H are next to each other with H on the right and J on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	right	1
1 K is on the right side and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the bottom-right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 H is above D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 H and I are side by side with H to the right and I to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	left	1
1 I and X are side by side with X at the bottom and I on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	above	1
1 L is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Y is over there and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Q is positioned below X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	left	1
1 N is positioned above V and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	right	1
1 S is on the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 I is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	left	1
1 G is positioned below Q and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 X and N are side by side with X to the right and N to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 The object C and Y are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	below	1
1 X is to the left of E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	right	1
1 H is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object O is positioned directly below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	above	1
1 K is on the right side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	left	1
1 Z is on the right and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	right	1
1 W presents over R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	below	1
1 Z and A are side by side with Z to the right and A to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	right	1
1 E and J are parallel, and E on the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	right	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 X and F are next to each other with X on the left and F on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	right	1
1 U is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	right	1
1 L is on the right and D is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the bottom left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the right side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	left	1
1 U is directly north west of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there with A below.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	above	1
1 O and C are both there with the object C below the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	below	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned below and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 F is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H is above Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	below	1
1 D and G are in a vertical line with G below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	above	1
1 F is to the top-left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the right and F is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is on the right side and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 R presents right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	left	1
1 M is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 M is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the top right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	left	1
1 A is on the left side of and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly above the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	left	1
1 R is upper right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 C is lower left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 C is placed in the left direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	right	1
1 I and H are side by side with I on the top and H at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 M is placed on the top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	above	1
1 S is on the lower left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Q is upper right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 C and K are next to each other with C on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	left	1
1 U presents below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 S is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 O presents right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	left	1
1 S is below and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 W is diagonally left and above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	right	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 R is over there and S is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	right	1
1 S is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	right	1
1 F is below D at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the upper left position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 U is at the lower side of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	below	1
1 S is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned below Y and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 B is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	left	1
1 Q is below D at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	below	1
1 K is over there and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	right	1
1 K is positioned above F and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	above	1
1 T and G are both there with the object T is to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 Y is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	left	1
1 D is upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, O is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	left	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	below	1
1 L is above Z and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 A and P are parallel, and A is on top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	below	1
1 X is diagonally right and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Y is placed on the top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	above	1
1 M is at the bottom and S is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 L is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	above	1
1 T is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	below	1
1 J is below X and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 U is south east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	right	1
1 E and L are parallel, and E is under L.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	below	1
1 U is positioned right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	right	1
1 V presents upper left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	right	1
1 L presents upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 J is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 S is south east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 F is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	above	1
1 V and N are vertical and V is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	above	1
1 W is sitting at the top position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	above	1
1 P is diagonally right and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	right	1
1 I and N are in a vertical line with I on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	above	1
1 K and Q are next to each other with K on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	below	1
1 L is under F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	above	1
1 I is south east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	above	1
1 V is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 U is placed at the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 M and A are side by side with M to the left and A to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 P is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	above	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	right	1
1 S is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	above	1
1 P is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Object P is below object J and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 J is over there and A is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 V is over there and G is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	above	1
1 B is placed at the lower left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 B is above L at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	above	1
1 O is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned above C and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 O and N are both there with the object O is to the right of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	left	1
1 K is below J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	above	1
1 G is placed at the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally left and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned above S and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 I presents lower right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 E and V are in a vertical line with V below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	above	1
1 R is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the left and S is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	left	1
1 U is sitting at the lower right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the left side and above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Q is upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the right and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 G and H are parallel, and G on the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	right	1
1 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 U is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned up and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 J is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the right side and top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 L and J are next to each other with L on the top and J at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	below	1
1 A is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 S is on the left side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object P is positioned directly above the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	above	1
1 A is on the left side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	left	1
1 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 O is lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 C and D are horizontal and C is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	left	1
1 M is below and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M is directly north west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 R is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned above T and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 T is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H and V are parallel, and H is under V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	below	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	above	1
1 I is positioned above T and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	above	1
1 M and Q are side by side with M to the right and Q to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the bottom-right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there with V above.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	above	1
1 G and I are side by side with G on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L is at the bottom and R is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 H is diagonally right and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	below	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	above	1
1 N is upper right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 T is above Q and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 G is above M and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Y and V are parallel, and Y is over V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Q is under S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 U is over there and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	right	1
1 B and O are next to each other with B on the left and O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	left	1
1 R is on top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	above	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 I is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 T and L are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	left	1
1 I is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L and J are side by side with L on the top and J at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	below	1
1 X is to the left of O horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	left	1
1 D is placed in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	left	1
1 M and T are side by side with M on the top and T at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	above	1
1 E is on the left side of and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P and G are side by side with P to the left and G to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	right	1
1 G is positioned right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	left	1
1 R is on the left side to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	left	1
1 W and J are parallel, and W on the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 O is over there and S is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	left	1
1 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	right	1
1 F is to the top of K vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	above	1
1 C is above H at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 J is above W and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally right and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is to the left of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	left	1
1 B is directly above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	above	1
1 P is sitting at the upper left position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 S presents upper right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the left side and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 U is below Q at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 H is directly below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	below	1
1 M is lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 M presents right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 B and T are both there with the object B is to the left of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	right	1
1 The object S is positioned directly above the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	above	1
1 R is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 D is diagonally left and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the right side and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	below	1
1 O is on the left and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 Q and B are in a vertical line with B below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Z is upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 O and E are side by side with E at the bottom and O on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	below	1
1 G is diagonally left and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 H is placed at the bottom of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q is placed at the lower left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Z and K are both there with the object Z above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	above	1
1 V is positioned below and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there with G below.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	above	1
1 A is at the lower side of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	above	1
1 F is over there and W is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 W is placed at the lower left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 R is over there with D above.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	above	1
1 L and X are parallel, and L on the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	right	1
1 O is over there and Y is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	right	1
1 T is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Object O is above object R and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned in the top left corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	right	1
1 E is over there with F above.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 B is positioned above V and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 O is positioned below and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 W and N are parallel, and W is over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	below	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	right	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Q is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	below	1
1 L is upper right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the bottom left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Q presents over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	above	1
1 E is to the bottom-right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	below	1
1 L is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 R is placed at the lower right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Object U is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the right and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	right	1
1 E and F are parallel, and E on the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 G is positioned in the top left corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the left side of and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned below P and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 F is placed at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 I and C are parallel, and I on the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	right	1
1 Z is at K's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	above	1
1 R is below L and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	left	1
1 O is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 M is north east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the left side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	right	1
1 V is upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 C is directly south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the lower right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the right of V horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Q and S are parallel, and Q is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	left	1
1 I is on the left side to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	left	1
1 D and T are parallel, and D on the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 E and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	right	1
1 E is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	right	1
1 E is under K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 W and G are parallel, and W is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	below	1
1 The objects R and V are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 G is diagonally left and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Q is placed at the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	above	1
1 F is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	left	1
1 I is placed at the bottom of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 I is below Z and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Object P is below object S and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 H is directly north east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Object M is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 E is below B at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 E is at the lower side of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 U is over there and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object R and Z are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 G and L are next to each other with L on the right and G on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	right	1
1 V is positioned below and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the right side and top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	below	1
1 I is directly south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 G is placed at the bottom of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	below	1
1 H is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	below	1
1 K presents below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	below	1
1 F is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 K is positioned above O and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 N is below B and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 R is below and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 N is above C at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The object O is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Z is below A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object Z and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Z is directly north east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 I is below K at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 D is at N's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 Q is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	below	1
1 R is diagonally left and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the bottom right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 A is above and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 G and K are next to each other with G on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 E and Y are parallel, and E on the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	above	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 K is lower left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned above D and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Y is over there and Q is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	above	1
1 E is over there and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	right	1
1 Z is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	left	1
1 C and U are horizontal and C is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	right	1
1 P is directly north east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 G is directly north east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 R is on the left side of and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting in the left direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	right	1
1 E and M are parallel, and E is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 L is placed at the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the right side and top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 A and N are horizontal and A is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	left	1
1 E is on the top of O and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	above	1
1 S is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 O and M are in a vertical line with M below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	above	1
1 E and G are side by side with E to the left and G to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	right	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	left	1
1 H is positioned above G and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 L is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 X is placed at the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there with N below.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	above	1
1 O is to the bottom-left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 P and T are vertical and P is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	below	1
1 M is there and K is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	above	1
1 E and O are both there with the object E is to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	right	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the right and Y is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	left	1
1 S is positioned above F and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	above	1
1 W is on the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object Q and H are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the top and O is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 F is to the top right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the right and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	right	1
1 Q is on the right side and top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the left and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	right	1
1 D is to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z and T are in a vertical line with Z on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	above	1
1 Object I is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q and F are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the right side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	left	1
1 W and D are side by side with D at the bottom and W on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	above	1
1 Y and L are in a vertical line with Y on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	above	1
1 H and S are both there with the object H above the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	below	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	left	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 T is directly south east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Z and L are parallel, and Z is on top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	below	1
1 R and I are parallel, and R is on top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 A and B are side by side with A to the left and B to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	right	1
1 L is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	above	1
1 B is on the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 J and B are vertical and J is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	below	1
1 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I is diagonally right and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 M is placed on the top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 T is diagonally right and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the bottom right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	right	1
1 H is placed in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	left	1
1 M is diagonally left and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 J is over there and Y is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	above	1
1 A is above W at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the bottom left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object N is positioned directly below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	above	1
1 The object X and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 A is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Q and V are in a vertical line with Q on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	above	1
1 Z is north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 X is above D and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 E and U are parallel, and U is below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	below	1
1 R is positioned above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 B is over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	above	1
1 J is above Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	above	1
1 N and Q are side by side with N on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	below	1
1 T is on the lower left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Object L is below object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 M and C are in a vertical line with M on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	above	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 I is lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Q and F are both there with the object Q is to the left of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	left	1
1 M is above and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 K is lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting in the left direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	right	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	below	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 S is below W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	below	1
1 X is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the right and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Z and D are parallel, and D is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	above	1
1 W is at Es 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	right	1
1 P is positioned above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	below	1
1 A is lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the bottom left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned above and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Y is over there and O is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	left	1
1 O is sitting at the lower right position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H is over X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	above	1
1 V is sitting at the upper left position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 K is north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the bottom right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q is below W at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 D is at I's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	above	1
1 N is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	left	1
1 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	right	1
1 K is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	left	1
1 X is at B's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	above	1
1 W and H are next to each other with W on the left and H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	left	1
1 X is positioned in the top left corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 L is south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 P and J are side by side with J at the bottom and P on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	above	1
1 Z is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	left	1
1 I is under W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 T is to the top-left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 M and W are parallel, and M is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	left	1
1 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 J is directly south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 P and U are vertical and P is above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 Z is on the top and C is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	above	1
1 Q is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 I presents below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 L is below X at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 A presents right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 T is at the lower side of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	above	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 U is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 M is diagonally right and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 L is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 V and I are both there with the object V above the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	above	1
1 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	right	1
1 C is on the right side and top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 U is directly south east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the bottom-left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 S and K are next to each other with K at the bottom S on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	above	1
1 F presents over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	below	1
1 J and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and J on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	right	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	below	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 F is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 P is over there and V is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	below	1
1 T is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 V is lower left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The objects J and I are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 X presents upper left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 P is below E and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting at the top position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	above	1
1 X is on the right side and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the right side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	right	1
1 D is at Q's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Object Q is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 P is diagonally left and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 K and R are horizontal and K is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	left	1
1 N is lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there with J above.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	above	1
1 W is to the top right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the left side and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 P is at the lower side of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	above	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 T is placed at the bottom of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 T is diagonally left and above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	right	1
1 X and Z are parallel, and X is under Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	above	1
1 B is on the top side to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	below	1
1 D is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the top of A vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	below	1
1 O is over there and M is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	above	1
1 U is placed at the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	below	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 D and H are parallel, and D is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	right	1
1 K presents lower left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there and Z is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	above	1
1 G is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 L is north west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 E and S are vertical and E is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	above	1
1 L is at B's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 N is positioned right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	left	1
1 R is to the bottom-right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 W is directly south west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the left side of and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 D presents right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	right	1
1 J and L are both there with the object J is to the left of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	right	1
1 R and T are parallel, and R is over T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	below	1
1 Q is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 N and V are side by side with N to the right and V to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	right	1
1 R is positioned right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 K is north west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	right	1
1 P is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	left	1
1 I is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 S is above O at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 J is above X and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 P is placed at the lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 B is at Qs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Y is sitting in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 P is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	above	1
1 V and W are side by side with W at the bottom and V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	above	1
1 H and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	left	1
1 M is below D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 A is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 V presents upper left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object J and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 D presents upper left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 P and H are parallel, and P is under H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	above	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 P is lower right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	left	1
1 T is on the right and F is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	right	1
1 O presents lower right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	left	1
1 X is to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 S is placed in the left direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	right	1
1 X and Q are in a vertical line with X on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	above	1
1 K is upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 M is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 X is below V and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L is below V at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z and A are in a vertical line with A below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	below	1
1 W is at B's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 O is below C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	below	1
1 N is above and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	left	1
1 O is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 G and B are side by side with G to the left and B to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	right	1
1 U is over there with J below.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	below	1
1 P is sitting at the upper left position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The object V and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 H presents right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	right	1
1 I is north east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 L is over there with H above.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	below	1
1 K is above and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and Z is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 W presents lower right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the bottom-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 C is over there and W is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	right	1
1 The object O and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H is placed at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	below	1
1 W is to the bottom left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	left	1
1 E is south west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 R presents left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	left	1
1 X is positioned above A and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Y is over there and O is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 Y is to the bottom-right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 J presents upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 G and Y are parallel, and G on the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Y is at S's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	left	1
1 L is on the right and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	left	1
1 A is on the top and T is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 L and R are next to each other with L on the top and R at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	above	1
1 X and U are horizontal and X is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 O is over there and X is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	above	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 R is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 C and I are in a vertical line with C on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the upper left position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 D and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	right	1
1 A is placed at the lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 K is below F and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Z is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Q is over there with W below.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 M is over there with Z above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 I is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 H presents below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	above	1
1 F is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 N and K are side by side with N to the left and K to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 C is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	right	1
1 T and N are both there with the object N below the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	below	1
1 F and Q are parallel, and F is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 P is placed at the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 R and H are both there with the object R is to the right of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	left	1
1 Q is positioned right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 X is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	right	1
1 V is positioned above E and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned above E and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 T is placed at the bottom of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	below	1
1 C is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Q and A are both there with the object Q is to the left of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	right	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	right	1
1 M is lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	right	1
1 Object Y is below object C and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 J and U are horizontal and J is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	right	1
1 C presents lower left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 G presents upper right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	left	1
1 O is below and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T and Y are in a vertical line with Y below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	above	1
1 S and F are next to each other with S on the left and F on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	right	1
1 Q is over there and W is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	above	1
1 K is over there and F is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	left	1
1 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	above	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 B is over there and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	left	1
1 Q is on the top and R is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	above	1
1 N is positioned left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	right	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 D is below R and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 G is at S's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	left	1
1 A is positioned below and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 M is over there and T is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object R is positioned directly above the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	below	1
1 V is lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Object X is below object J and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the left and G is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	right	1
1 M is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	left	1
1 L is positioned below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	below	1
1 N is on the lower right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Z is directly south east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 S is upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	left	1
1 T is at C's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	above	1
1 G is above X at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 I is above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	above	1
1 E is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 U is south east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	left	1
1 X is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	left	1
1 M is positioned down and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	above	1
1 The object A and I are there. The object A is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 V and A are next to each other with A at the bottom V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	above	1
1 H is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 K is above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	above	1
1 X is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there and F is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 L is above J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	below	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	left	1
1 K and G are both there with the object G below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	below	1
1 V is placed on the top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	below	1
1 M and Q are parallel, and M on the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	right	1
1 Q presents left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	left	1
1 P is over there and G is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	left	1
1 A is sitting at the top position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	below	1
1 The object K and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 O is placed on the top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	above	1
1 H is on the lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 X is directly north west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 E is at the lower side of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	left	1
1 M is to the bottom left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 B is above P and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 R is directly north west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	left	1
1 M and Y are parallel, and M on the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	right	1
1 S is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the bottom of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	above	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the bottom right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the right side and top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 K is above T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 A is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	right	1
1 F is to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 N is at Ds 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	left	1
1 K and V are both there with the object K is to the left of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 C is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Y is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the left and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 C is positioned below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	below	1
1 Q is over there and C is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 Z is at the bottom of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	below	1
1 C is positioned left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 A presents lower left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally right and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at C's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	above	1
1 D is over there and W is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	below	1
1 U is at the bottom and D is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	above	1
1 X is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned in the top left corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the bottom-right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object F is positioned directly below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object J and S are there. The object S is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 D and T are next to each other with D on the left and T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	right	1
1 M is positioned above G and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 S is at N's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	above	1
1 S is to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 A presents right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	left	1
1 O is below X and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	below	1
1 P is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	left	1
1 R is placed at the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 O and S are both there with the object O is to the right of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	left	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the lower left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the right side and top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting at the upper right position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 X and R are parallel, and X is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	right	1
1 U is directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	above	1
1 The objects D and G are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 U presents lower left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 B is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	above	1
1 M is over there and C is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	right	1
1 V is to the right of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	left	1
1 M and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	left	1
1 G is at H's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 T is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object A is positioned directly above the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	below	1
1 P is diagonally right and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	above	1
1 N is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 G is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	right	1
1 H and Q are both there with the object H is to the right of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	left	1
1 S is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	left	1
1 X and K are parallel, and X on the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	left	1
1 V is positioned in the front right corner of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 X and P are side by side with X on the top and P at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 Z is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	above	1
1 D presents over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	below	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Object D is above object A and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 N and R are next to each other with R on the right and N on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q is over there and Y is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	above	1
1 G is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	right	1
1 U is at the bottom of Z vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	below	1
1 X is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 V and W are side by side with V on the top and W at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	above	1
1 J is sitting at the lower left position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 C presents below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	below	1
1 F is positioned below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 G is positioned right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	left	1
1 N is to the top-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 L is above U and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	below	1
1 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	right	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally above G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	right	1
1 H is to the bottom left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 J is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	above	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the left side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	left	1
1 M and H are parallel, and M on the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	left	1
1 G is at the bottom of J vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	above	1
1 H is below A at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally left and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 M is below P at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	left	1
1 E and S are in a vertical line with S below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	left	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	left	1
1 A and L are in a vertical line with A on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	above	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the left and S is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	right	1
1 X is on the left side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 Y and Z are side by side with Y on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	below	1
1 E is below H and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 T is placed on the top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	above	1
1 S is diagonally left and above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 H is directly north east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 X is below and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there and J is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	left	1
1 E presents upper left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned above and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Z is positioned below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	below	1
1 Z is positioned below W and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 S is north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned up and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	right	1
1 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object H and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 J is positioned down and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the top and D is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 S is above B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	above	1
1 X is at the bottom of P vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the top position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 T and Z are side by side with T to the left and Z to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	left	1
1 R is over there and V is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	below	1
1 A is on the right side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	left	1
1 X and Y are in a vertical line with Y below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Y is on the right side and top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	right	1
1 N is at A's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	above	1
1 E is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	right	1
1 A presents upper left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	below	1
1 S is on the top and O is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	below	1
1 O is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the left side of and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the top side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	below	1
1 P is on the lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 G and X are vertical and G is below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 C is diagonally right and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 C is sitting in the left direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 S is at F's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	right	1
1 A and J are next to each other with J at the bottom A on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	above	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	right	1
1 U is on the top and D is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	above	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	right	1
1 S and L are in a horizontal line with L on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	right	1
1 R and X are horizontal and R is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	right	1
1 Z is over there and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Y presents right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 G presents upper left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there with L below.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	below	1
1 D is to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned below E and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 B is sitting at the upper left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the right side and top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Z is placed at the lower left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Z is directly south west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 P and C are next to each other with C at the bottom P on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally right and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at R's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	above	1
1 V is over there with W above.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	above	1
1 A is below and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 J and N are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	right	1
1 K is over there and M is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	below	1
1 Z is below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	below	1
1 M and F are parallel, and M on the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	right	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	below	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 J is above and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the right and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object T is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	below	1
1 O is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 P and L are parallel, and P is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the lower right position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned up and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	left	1
1 M and Q are both there with the object M is to the left of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	right	1
1 Object J is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 F is below and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the top side to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	above	1
1 X is sitting at the upper left position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the right of V horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	right	1
1 K is on the left side to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the left of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	left	1
1 A is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 H and M are in a vertical line with H on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	below	1
1 S is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	above	1
1 R and D are horizontal and R is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	left	1
1 J is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	left	1
1 X is over there and S is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	left	1
1 Object Q is below object R and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 E and P are in a vertical line with E on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	above	1
1 G and V are side by side with V at the bottom and G on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 I and R are both there with the object I above the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	above	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Q is directly north west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 B is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	above	1
1 X is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 J is positioned above and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the top and I is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	below	1
1 J presents left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	right	1
1 S is on the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the lower left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 K is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Z presents over A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	above	1
1 A is over there and V is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	above	1
1 Q is at Js 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	left	1
1 Z is positioned below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally right and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 B and I are both there with the object B is to the left of object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	left	1
1 Z is on the right side to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Y presents lower right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 N and H are next to each other with H at the bottom N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	above	1
1 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the left of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	left	1
1 R is sitting at the upper right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the top right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 V is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 E is upper right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Q is positioned in the front right corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 T and Z are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	left	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	left	1
1 E is diagonally right and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object M and A are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Object V is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 I is upper right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	above	1
1 T is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 D presents upper left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the bottom-left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	left	1
1 M is placed at the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the top of R vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	above	1
1 F is over there and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	right	1
1 J is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 E and P are next to each other with E on the top and P at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	above	1
1 T is to the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D is placed at the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	below	1
1 O is to the bottom right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned down and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	below	1
1 Object Y is above object E and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 N is under S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	above	1
1 Z is placed in the left direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	right	1
1 S is to the right of J horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 D is below and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Object P is above object A and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	right	1
1 O is on the right side and top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 V is below D and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 E is below and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 F and Q are parallel, and F on the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Y is over there and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object P is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 S is diagonally right and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there with A below.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	below	1
1 J is on the lower right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 B is positioned below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 W is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 R and B are parallel, and R is on top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	above	1
1 F is placed in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	right	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the right and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	right	1
1 R is above T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object J and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	right	1
1 H and V are side by side with H to the left and V to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 The objects G and R are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 T is positioned below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 E is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 W presents below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	above	1
1 I is over there and S is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	right	1
1 L is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	left	1
1 E is positioned below G and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 V is over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	above	1
1 W is at the bottom of V vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	below	1
1 G is above H and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	left	1
1 O is south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	above	1
1 G is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	above	1
1 U is on the lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Object N is below object X and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 O is at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	above	1
1 P is placed at the lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Q presents lower right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 M is north west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 M and H are both there with the object M is to the right of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	left	1
1 E is north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	right	1
1 C is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	below	1
1 P and K are next to each other with K at the bottom P on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	above	1
1 F presents upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P presents lower right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 A is on the top side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	below	1
1 R and U are parallel, and R is under U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	above	1
1 R is positioned below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	below	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 X is lower right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the right and T is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	left	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 S is above K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	above	1
1 M and L are both there with the object M is to the left of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	left	1
1 T is above Y at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 W is above G at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G is sitting in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	left	1
1 V and X are both there with the object V above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	below	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 R is at Z's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 R presents upper left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 O is above and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	left	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 C is on the left and S is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	right	1
1 B is below and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 F is on top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	above	1
1 J is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	below	1
1 B is on the top side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object D is positioned directly above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 M is directly above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	above	1
1 W is lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J is over there and B is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	left	1
1 J is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	above	1
1 B is over Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	below	1
1 A is placed at the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 L is on top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	below	1
1 T is above and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Q and T are vertical and Q is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	below	1
1 C and K are parallel, and K is below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	below	1
1 P is placed at the bottom of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	below	1
1 Object M is below object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object F is positioned directly below the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	above	1
1 J is south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 R is diagonally right and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 U and L are both there with the object U is to the right of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	right	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, C is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 X is above and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 N is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	right	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	below	1
1 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	above	1
1 B and E are horizontal and B is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	left	1
1 S is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	left	1
1 B is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	right	1
1 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	below	1
1 S is to the top-right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 O is north west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	left	1
1 I is on the lower left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the top of K vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	above	1
1 O is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	left	1
1 G is north west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 T is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 K and E are parallel, and K on the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	left	1
1 X is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	left	1
1 G is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 L and X are side by side with X at the bottom and L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper left position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 G and C are parallel, and G on the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	left	1
1 E is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the top position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	above	1
1 I and R are side by side with R at the bottom and I on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	above	1
1 The objects P and N are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 T presents upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	left	1
1 I is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting in the right direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object K and O are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 U is directly above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	below	1
1 R is upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 I is at L's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	right	1
1 O and B are side by side with O on the top and B at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	above	1
1 D is over there and A is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	right	1
1 B is on the lower left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 M is below F and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 D and T are both there with the object D is to the right of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	left	1
1 D is over there and L is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	right	1
1 L and Z are parallel, and L on the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	right	1
1 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	right	1
1 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	right	1
1 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Q is south west of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 K and T are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	left	1
1 O is placed at the bottom of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	above	1
1 K is positioned above and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 P and M are horizontal and P is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 C is placed on the top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	above	1
1 N is above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	below	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	right	1
1 V is placed at the lower left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 P is over there and X is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	below	1
1 Q and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object S and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 M is above and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting at the upper right position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	below	1
1 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	below	1
1 K is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 O is directly south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 U is below and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Z and N are parallel, and N is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	above	1
1 H is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E presents right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	left	1
1 U is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the right and C is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	left	1
1 O is positioned in the front right corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object U and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the bottom left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	above	1
1 H and D are next to each other with H on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	below	1
1 C is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	left	1
1 P is over F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	below	1
1 P is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The object Q is positioned directly below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	below	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there with P below.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	below	1
1 M is at the bottom of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	below	1
1 B is to the top right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 N is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	below	1
1 L is positioned up and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 F and X are parallel, and F is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	above	1
1 C is positioned right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	left	1
1 T is to the top-left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Object W is below object L and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 K and M are horizontal and K is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 X is on the left side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	left	1
1 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 H is at O's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	above	1
1 L is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the bottom-right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the bottom-left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 N is placed at the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 E and S are vertical and E is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	above	1
1 D and E are horizontal and D is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	left	1
1 E is on the left side of and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I and A are both there with the object I above the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 R is to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	left	1
1 U is over there and C is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	left	1
1 E and K are parallel, and K is below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	below	1
1 S is above and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 N is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 S is over there and H is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	above	1
1 D is to the left of S horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	left	1
1 Y is over there and C is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	left	1
1 H presents lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	right	1
1 K is over there and U is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 E is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the lower left position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 R is over there and U is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 V is positioned below R and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the left side of and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower right position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Q is below M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	below	1
1 R is placed on the top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	below	1
1 E and H are horizontal and E is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	left	1
1 Z and H are parallel, and Z is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	left	1
1 Y is on the right side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	right	1
1 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	right	1
1 C is directly north west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The objects X and Z are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 N is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	below	1
1 P is at the bottom of C vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	below	1
1 The object U is positioned directly below the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	below	1
1 T is below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	right	1
1 H presents over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	below	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Object X is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 O is over there with S below.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	right	1
1 H is to the bottom left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 X and F are side by side with F at the bottom and X on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 A is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 D is sitting at the top position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	above	1
1 R is above Y at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 O and H are parallel, and O is under H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	above	1
1 I and P are next to each other with P on the right and I on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	right	1
1 I is north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U is at As 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	left	1
1 X is positioned in the lower left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 B and P are next to each other with B on the top and P at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	above	1
1 F is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is at Es 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	right	1
1 A and Z are side by side with A on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	below	1
1 C and T are parallel, and C is under T.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	below	1
1 I is at the bottom of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 M is sitting in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	left	1
1 Object M is above object A and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Y is above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 I is above and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	right	1
1 O is on the right and V is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	left	1
1 M is sitting at the lower right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned up and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Y and N are parallel, and Y is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	left	1
1 W and N are parallel, and N is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	above	1
1 O is sitting at the upper left position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 W is above and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 B is below and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Z is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	below	1
1 F is on the right side to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	left	1
1 H is on the lower right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the right and U is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	right	1
1 X is above J at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 S is on top of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 K is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	above	1
1 A is to the right of V horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	left	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the lower left position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	above	1
1 K is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	right	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 X and I are in a vertical line with I below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 N and V are next to each other with V at the bottom N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	above	1
1 J is diagonally left and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	above	1
1 F is at V's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	right	1
1 M is on the lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there and J is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	right	1
1 T and P are next to each other with T on the left and P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	right	1
1 Y is placed at the lower left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object P and Y are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Z is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	below	1
1 T is positioned up and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the left side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	left	1
1 O is positioned above B and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	right	1
1 B is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	below	1
1 S and L are both there with the object S is to the left of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	right	1
1 A and C are side by side with A to the right and C to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the right and Y is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	right	1
1 L is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 C is above and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 C is below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	left	1
1 N is to the left of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	left	1
1 W is positioned below O and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 F and X are parallel, and X is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	above	1
1 L is positioned above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	below	1
1 K is at Ls 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	right	1
1 S and U are parallel, and U is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	below	1
1 J and I are next to each other with J on the left and I on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	left	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 H is directly north east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Q and O are next to each other with O at the bottom Q on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	above	1
1 N is sitting in the left direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	right	1
1 J is placed on the top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	below	1
1 Q is over there and J is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	above	1
1 Q is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 J is south east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned down and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 O and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 O and I are in a vertical line with I below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	above	1
1 X is below K at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 E and O are parallel, and E is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	right	1
1 E is diagonally below F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned down and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 T and C are parallel, and T on the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	right	1
1 Z is south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 J is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the bottom of L vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 G is on the left and B is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	left	1
1 P presents over L.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	above	1
1 Q is on the left and W is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	right	1
1 W is positioned up and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally right and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 T and O are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	below	1
1 L is on the lower right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Q and W are parallel, and Q is on top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 I and G are next to each other with I on the left and G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 W is at Ps 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	right	1
1 D and P are both there with the object D is to the right of object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	left	1
1 P is directly below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	below	1
1 U is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	left	1
1 P is diagonally left and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned up and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L is placed at the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 I is below and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the bottom-right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 B is below X and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 F and M are parallel, and F is under M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	above	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 S is below and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Object U is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 M is positioned left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 U is below I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 A is over there and O is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	left	1
1 A and N are vertical and A is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	above	1
1 W and I are horizontal and W is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	right	1
1 C is sitting in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	right	1
1 G is above E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	above	1
1 O is lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 M is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 T is upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 C is above U and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 W and H are parallel, and H is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	below	1
1 P is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	left	1
1 I is on the left side and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is positioned directly above the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	below	1
1 S presents upper left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 M presents right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	left	1
1 U is directly below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	above	1
1 T presents upper left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting at the lower right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Y is over there and U is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	left	1
1 X and M are in a vertical line with M below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	above	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed at the lower left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there with H below.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	above	1
1 X is to the top-right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the left of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 R is directly below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	above	1
1 X and F are side by side with F at the bottom and X on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	above	1
1 B is at Rs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	left	1
1 R is to the bottom right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 E and X are both there with the object E is to the right of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	right	1
1 W is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	left	1
1 R and Y are in a vertical line with R on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	right	1
1 U is positioned up and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 C and D are horizontal and C is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	left	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 N and O are parallel, and N is on top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	right	1
1 The object U and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 V and G are both there with the object V is to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	left	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	below	1
1 J and T are horizontal and J is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object N is positioned directly above the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	below	1
1 L is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	below	1
1 N is above V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	below	1
1 O is positioned above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	below	1
1 X and H are side by side with X to the left and H to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 N is lower right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 M is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	left	1
1 Object F is below object S and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the left of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	right	1
1 W is at the bottom and D is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	below	1
1 J is positioned up and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 T is above M and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Y is diagonally right and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 E is below and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned below and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	left	1
1 V is placed at the bottom of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	below	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	right	1
1 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	above	1
1 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	below	1
1 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	below	1
1 A is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	above	1
1 K is diagonally right and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the right side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	left	1
1 F is below and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned up and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned above X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the top of B vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	below	1
1 U is at the bottom of O vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	above	1
1 S is placed at the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the top and D is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	above	1
1 R is on the right side and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Y is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 D is upper right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting at the lower left position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	left	1
1 X is directly south east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Z is above K at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 K is placed in the right direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	right	1
1 H presents right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	right	1
1 V is placed at the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 P and D are horizontal and P is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	left	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	left	1
1 R is on the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 X is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	below	1
1 F is placed in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	left	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the bottom right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 K is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 W is at the lower side of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	above	1
1 W is on the left and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	left	1
1 Y is over there with L above.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	above	1
1 D and I are next to each other with D on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	below	1
1 P is below Z and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned above B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 D is placed on the top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 S is above and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	left	1
1 Y and J are parallel, and Y on the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	right	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	above	1
1 The object M is positioned directly below the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 M is to the top-right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Z is at Ds 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Z is positioned in the top left corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there and V is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	above	1
1 The objects N and L are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Q is upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	below	1
1 N presents left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 Y is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	above	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 E is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	right	1
1 G is sitting at the top position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	above	1
1 O is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 J is over there and K is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	right	1
1 W is sitting in the left direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	right	1
1 R is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	below	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned above G and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 O presents right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	right	1
1 M is south west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 I is below and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 E presents left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	left	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 U is positioned above and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The objects J and F are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally above Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	left	1
1 H is at the bottom and D is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	above	1
1 W is over there and B is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	right	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	right	1
1 G is above C at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned below and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 S is upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The objects W and F are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 M is placed at the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 O presents right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	left	1
1 I and F are horizontal and I is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	right	1
1 M presents lower right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 B is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	below	1
1 W is over there and C is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	left	1
1 S presents right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	left	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned up and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 H is below and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 K is over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is at Js 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of K vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	below	1
1 V is over there and U is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	above	1
1 F is below X at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the left side and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally above S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	left	1
1 F and G are next to each other with G at the bottom F on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	above	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	right	1
1 C is below and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the lower left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned below L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The objects T and O are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	right	1
1 N and M are parallel, and N is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	right	1
1 K and U are side by side with K on the top and U at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	above	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	right	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 W is on top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	above	1
1 G presents over L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the lower position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 M is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 K presents right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	right	1
1 S is placed at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	above	1
1 A and B are in a vertical line with B below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	below	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 B is over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	left	1
1 D presents right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	right	1
1 D is below F and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 J is over there with L below.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	above	1
1 U is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	above	1
1 Q is positioned above and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 P is north west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 V and L are side by side with V to the left and L to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	right	1
1 Y is directly north west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	above	1
1 V is over there and A is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	right	1
1 H is on the top and T is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	below	1
1 K and Y are in a vertical line with K on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	below	1
1 T is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned down and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 U is above N with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	above	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the left side and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 D is diagonally above Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 R and S are parallel, and R is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	left	1
1 Q is placed in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 M and B are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	right	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	right	1
1 R is positioned above U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object M is positioned directly below the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	below	1
1 R is at the lower side of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	above	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	left	1
1 R is above M at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 I presents upper right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	right	1
1 K and Q are horizontal and K is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	right	1
1 Z is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the top-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 U is over there and D is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	below	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	left	1
1 N is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the right side and top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 E and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	right	1
1 V is on the lower left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the bottom-right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C is north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally right and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 P is sitting in the right direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y is positioned above R and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Object N is below object J and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 O is directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	below	1
1 M is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 B and X are both there with the object X below the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly below the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	below	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally right and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Q is below S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is placed on the top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 B and O are next to each other with B on the left and O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object X and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 S is at the bottom and W is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	above	1
1 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 C is over there and Y is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	below	1
1 D is positioned in the lower left corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I is diagonally left and below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Z is over I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	above	1
1 B is positioned down and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	right	1
1 M is above Y and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 N is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	below	1
1 B is to the bottom-right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 A and S are parallel, and A on the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Object L is above object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X and A are parallel, and X is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	above	1
1 F is at P's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	below	1
1 W is over there with S above.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	above	1
1 D and N are parallel, and D on the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	right	1
1 Z is north east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 A and K are next to each other with A on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	left	1
1 H is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	above	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Z is to the bottom left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 P and O are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	right	1
1 P is positioned right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	right	1
1 M is to the top-right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	left	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the right side and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 W is over there and J is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	below	1
1 C is to the top-right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 M is sitting at the top position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	below	1
1 T is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M is over there and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	right	1
1 S is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The objects H and L are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 T is above R and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 B is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 H is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	right	1
1 R is over there with F above.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	below	1
1 T presents upper right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M and B are next to each other with B on the right and M on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	left	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 U and H are next to each other with U on the top and H at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	above	1
1 C is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 V is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed at the lower left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 W is below and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 T is above C and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 W is there and X is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 J and R are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	right	1
1 G is lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents lower left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower left position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Z presents below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	above	1
1 V is placed on the top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	above	1
1 I is on the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 J and P are side by side with P at the bottom and J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	above	1
1 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	below	1
1 B and O are parallel, and B is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	right	1
1 R is over there and G is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	left	1
1 M is at V's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 I and V are side by side with I on the top and V at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	below	1
1 K and A are parallel, and K is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	right	1
1 G is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 A is above V and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 A is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	left	1
1 T is on the left and C is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	right	1
1 N and J are horizontal and N is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	left	1
1 L is placed at the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Q is upper right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	right	1
1 W is above and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 E and Q are both there with the object E is to the right of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 V is positioned below M and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 E is over there and A is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	right	1
1 A is below G at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	right	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the left and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	left	1
1 R and M are next to each other with R on the top and M at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	above	1
1 I is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	right	1
1 S is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	right	1
1 C is directly north east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned below P and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 W and G are next to each other with G on the right and W on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	right	1
1 N and D are parallel, and N on the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	left	1
1 P is to the right of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	left	1
1 H and K are vertical and H is above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	below	1
1 D is over there and Q is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	right	1
1 F and I are parallel, and F is on top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	above	1
1 X is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the top right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 I is sitting at the top position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object M is positioned directly above the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	below	1
1 T is below and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 V and F are vertical and V is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	right	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	right	1
1 Z is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 J is above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	below	1
1 U and G are horizontal and U is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	right	1
1 R and U are side by side with R to the right and U to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 C presents left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	left	1
1 B is positioned above and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower left position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Q and I are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the left and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	left	1
1 T and H are next to each other with T on the left and H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	right	1
1 N is diagonally right and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	right	1
1 K and J are both there with the object J below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	above	1
1 M is positioned right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	right	1
1 F is over there and Q is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Y is directly below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	below	1
1 U and X are in a vertical line with X below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 N is positioned above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	above	1
1 R and S are parallel, and R on the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	right	1
1 B is to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 M is placed at the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	right	1
1 F is under T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	above	1
1 K is at Ys 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	right	1
1 M is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object M and O are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 D is over there and S is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	left	1
1 Object V is below object D and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 B is at Z's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 V is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	above	1
1 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	right	1
1 E is above and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Q and W are vertical and Q is above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 U is over there with D above.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 Y and T are parallel, and Y on the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	left	1
1 K is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	below	1
1 The object E and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object K and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Q is placed at the lower left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 W is at G's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 I is above B and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and R is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Z and O are side by side with O at the bottom and Z on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	above	1
1 V is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned below X and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 U is on top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 X is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower left position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 L presents left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	right	1
1 Y presents upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	below	1
1 F is sitting at the lower position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 K and F are next to each other with F at the bottom K on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	below	1
1 I is upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed in the left direction of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	left	1
1 L is on the upper right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 X is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	above	1
1 V is over there and C is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	right	1
1 I is sitting in the right direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	right	1
1 E is diagonally left and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 U is at the bottom of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	below	1
1 O is above R at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there and D is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 C and T are horizontal and C is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	right	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 L is over there and R is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	above	1
1 P is sitting at the upper right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 E and Q are both there with the object E is to the left of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	right	1
1 F is positioned below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	below	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	right	1
1 X is over there and L is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	above	1
1 B and G are parallel, and G is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	below	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	right	1
1 K is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 H and D are parallel, and H is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	right	1
1 H is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	right	1
1 K is below D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	below	1
1 B is south west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 K is at P's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is diagonally right and above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the right side to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	right	1
1 B and U are next to each other with U at the bottom B on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	below	1
1 P is positioned in the lower left corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 K and D are both there with the object D below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 V and U are horizontal and V is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	left	1
1 D and U are parallel, and D is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object O is positioned directly below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	above	1
1 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	right	1
1 R is on the left side to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	right	1
1 M is upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 I is diagonally left and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 V is below A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 R and Z are both there with the object R is to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	right	1
1 A is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 E and S are horizontal and E is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	right	1
1 E is over there with H below.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	below	1
1 O is on the left and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	left	1
1 X is upper right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Q and X are parallel, and Q is over X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	above	1
1 R is south east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 H presents over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	below	1
1 K and L are vertical and K is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	below	1
1 P is over there and G is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	below	1
1 M is below Y and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 A is on the right and T is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	right	1
1 T presents over I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	below	1
1 Y is directly north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 W is at the bottom and A is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	below	1
1 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	right	1
1 S is above R at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there and M is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	left	1
1 W is sitting in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	left	1
1 W and L are parallel, and W on the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	right	1
1 V is diagonally right and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the right side and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 B is above W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	above	1
1 J is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Z presents right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	right	1
1 S presents right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 G is positioned left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	right	1
1 S presents over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	above	1
1 Object R is below object E and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	right	1
1 H and Q are parallel, and H is over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Y is on the top side to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	above	1
1 F and R are parallel, and R is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	below	1
1 R and M are parallel, and M is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	below	1
1 R is above T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Q presents over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	below	1
1 S and M are next to each other with M at the bottom S on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 V is below and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 O is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 I is over there and W is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	right	1
1 D is placed at the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is above F at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 W presents left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	left	1
1 X is south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned below I and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the right of V horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	left	1
1 O and V are side by side with O to the right and V to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	right	1
1 D is on the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 H is below S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object G is positioned directly below the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	below	1
1 W is on top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	below	1
1 Y is to the right of G horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A and K are parallel, and A on the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	right	1
1 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	below	1
1 K presents below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	below	1
1 X is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 K and I are both there with the object I below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	above	1
1 S is lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	above	1
1 F is placed at the lower left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 M and E are horizontal and M is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 B is sitting at the lower left position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 P is placed in the left direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	right	1
1 I is to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 I is below and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 B is below U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	below	1
1 Z and K are in a vertical line with K below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The object W is positioned directly above the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	above	1
1 F is above Q at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	above	1
1 U is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	right	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 F and K are both there with the object F is to the right of object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 E is on the top and K is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	above	1
1 P and K are next to each other with P on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	left	1
1 M is positioned right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	left	1
1 L is below and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 K and E are side by side with K to the left and E to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	right	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	below	1
1 R presents below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the lower position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	below	1
1 Z and K are parallel, and Z is on top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	below	1
1 K is diagonally below P to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 W is south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 N is over there and U is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	right	1
1 B is positioned below and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 V is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z and H are side by side with Z to the left and H to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	left	1
1 L is over there and O is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the left of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 D is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 B and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	right	1
1 S is sitting at the upper right position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 T is lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	left	1
1 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	above	1
1 Y is directly above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	above	1
1 Object U is below object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the bottom of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 V is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the lower left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 H is north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E is below and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	below	1
1 W and Q are horizontal and W is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	right	1
1 O is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	right	1
1 U is upper right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 S is above U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	above	1
1 J is south east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at the lower side of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	below	1
1 V is placed in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	right	1
1 P is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	right	1
1 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally left and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 M presents below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	above	1
1 J is upper right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Z is above H at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 P and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object T is positioned directly below the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	below	1
1 A is placed in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	left	1
1 N is over there with P above.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	above	1
1 Z is to the right of Y horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	left	1
1 T is to the bottom right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Z and E are side by side with E at the bottom and Z on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	above	1
1 C is above I and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 P and V are side by side with P on the top and V at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	below	1
1 I is positioned above and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 T is above N at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 U is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	right	1
1 I is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	right	1
1 F is at L's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	below	1
1 H and U are horizontal and H is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	right	1
1 E is sitting at the lower position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	above	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the left side and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 J and V are parallel, and J on the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting at the lower position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	above	1
1 S is directly south west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 G and E are horizontal and G is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	left	1
1 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	right	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	below	1
1 Object E is above object R and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the right side and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 H and V are parallel, and H on the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 H is over there and B is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 X is positioned up and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 X is below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 C and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom C on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	above	1
1 R is to the bottom right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 L and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	left	1
1 X is sitting at the lower left position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 R is below U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	below	1
1 M and O are parallel, and M is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower left position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	left	1
1 L is diagonally right and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there with S above.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	above	1
1 O is directly south east of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there and Y is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 W is above M at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 B is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is placed at the lower left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 E and Q are horizontal and E is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	right	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	left	1
1 U is on the right side and top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Y is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned in the top left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 W is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 S and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	right	1
1 U is at L's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is to the top right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the bottom left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Z is placed at the lower right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 B is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 X is at the bottom and V is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	below	1
1 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is to the bottom right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	right	1
1 Q is directly above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	above	1
1 I is to the bottom left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the lower left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the left side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	left	1
1 L is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 A and J are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the right and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	left	1
1 Object S is below object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 J is at C's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	below	1
1 C and Y are horizontal and C is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	left	1
1 W presents over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	below	1
1 X is placed at the lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the left and X is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G presents left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	left	1
1 P is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	below	1
1 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	right	1
1 C is diagonally right and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V is above I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	below	1
1 V is below and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	left	1
1 U is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 X and C are side by side with X to the left and C to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	left	1
1 M is directly south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 W and V are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	left	1
1 N is under C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	above	1
1 Z is above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	above	1
1 O and U are parallel, and U is below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	above	1
1 F and J are next to each other with F on the top and J at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 J and H are parallel, and J is over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	above	1
1 H is on the right side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	right	1
1 U is on the left side of and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Y and E are side by side with Y to the left and E to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Q is north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned in the top left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 C is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	above	1
1 K and T are side by side with K on the top and T at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	below	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 L is placed at the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	right	1
1 U and W are next to each other with U on the left and W on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	right	1
1 S is at the bottom and E is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	below	1
1 I is below R and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 M is above Y at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly below the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	below	1
1 F is positioned below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	above	1
1 K is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 S and N are parallel, and S is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	above	1
1 O and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and O on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	below	1
1 K is on the left side and above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 T is over there and C is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	left	1
1 R is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 J and A are parallel, and J is to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 J is at I's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	left	1
1 H is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	right	1
1 P is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 E and F are side by side with F at the bottom and E on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	above	1
1 B is directly north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 P is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 T is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 A is to the top right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The objects C and Z are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 K and S are vertical and K is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 D is on the right side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	left	1
1 S is diagonally right and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q is lower right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 K and Y are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	left	1
1 A and K are both there with the object A above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object K is positioned directly below the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	below	1
1 D and H are parallel, and D on the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 P is positioned above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	above	1
1 L and N are both there with the object N below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 D is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	right	1
1 Object B is below object L and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G is below C at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 F is directly south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 R is directly above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	below	1
1 F is on the top side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	above	1
1 U and O are parallel, and U is on top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	above	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 W is placed at the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 V and X are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	right	1
1 E is at R's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 P is positioned up and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	right	1
1 F is over there with U below.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	above	1
1 L is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 J is placed at the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the lower left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally right and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	left	1
1 O is on the left side and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 F is at the lower side of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	above	1
1 B is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	left	1
1 V is south east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the right of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	left	1
1 Q is at the bottom and P is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	below	1
1 B presents below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	below	1
1 P is on the left side of and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	right	1
1 B and I are parallel, and B is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	left	1
1 E and U are both there with the object E above the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	above	1
1 L is above and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 D and E are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	right	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower left position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 N is under V.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	below	1
1 S is under K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	above	1
1 Q is over there and P is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	left	1
1 H is placed at the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W presents lower right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is positioned directly below the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 N is positioned above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	below	1
1 K is directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	above	1
1 T is positioned above W and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned above B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	right	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned in the front right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the right and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	left	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	below	1
1 H is above Z and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned below Z and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally left and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 S is at Ks 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	right	1
1 A is positioned above and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 R is over there and W is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	below	1
1 K is north west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object H is positioned directly above the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	below	1
1 O is positioned below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the left and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	right	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 P is diagonally left and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 W is upper right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the right side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	left	1
1 W is on the right and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	left	1
1 E is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 N presents left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	left	1
1 P is positioned above and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	left	1
1 Z is sitting at the top position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	below	1
1 F and I are next to each other with I on the right and F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	left	1
1 E and S are vertical and E is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 I is on the right side and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the lower left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 E and P are next to each other with E on the left and P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	left	1
1 E is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	right	1
1 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	left	1
1 Q and E are parallel, and Q on the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	left	1
1 C is diagonally right and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 G is directly south east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 T is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 T is at Q's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	below	1
1 P is over there and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Z and M are both there with the object M below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	below	1
1 E is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	left	1
1 V is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	left	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The object O and H are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 G and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	right	1
1 B is to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 P is under W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	above	1
1 I is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	right	1
1 Z is to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 W is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the right side and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L is below D at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 U is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	below	1
1 A presents over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	below	1
1 S is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the top position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	below	1
1 I is to the left of G horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	left	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 U is placed on the top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	below	1
1 X and H are horizontal and X is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	left	1
1 V is above and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at C's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 T is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	below	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 F is north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Object M is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 X is over there and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	left	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	left	1
1 R is at Fs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 D is placed at the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K presents left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	left	1
1 Object C is below object X and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 T is below W at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 H is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 W is on the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	above	1
1 The objects E and T are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the top side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	below	1
1 Q is positioned down and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Q is above R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	below	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 A and R are parallel, and A on the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	right	1
1 P is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the bottom-left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 H is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	below	1
1 Y is at the bottom and F is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	below	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 Q and H are vertical and Q is above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 N is to the top-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Y is below D and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	above	1
1 T and U are next to each other with T on the top and U at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	below	1
1 N is diagonally left and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Y and W are both there with the object Y above the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 N and M are parallel, and N is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	right	1
1 N is placed in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	right	1
1 X presents right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 A is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	left	1
1 L is on the left side to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	right	1
1 C is to the left of A horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	left	1
1 S is on the right side and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 J is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	below	1
1 X is upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 P and T are in a vertical line with T below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	below	1
1 Z and R are both there with the object Z above the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the lower right position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 I and E are parallel, and I is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	left	1
1 W and L are side by side with W on the top and L at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	below	1
1 W and K are parallel, and W is on top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	above	1
1 Object O is below object X and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the bottom of L vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	below	1
1 Z is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 K presents below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	above	1
1 U is below and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	above	1
1 H is positioned below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 V is placed at the bottom of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 F is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	above	1
1 W is on the right and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	left	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally left and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 R and J are parallel, and R is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	above	1
1 K is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	above	1
1 N is over there and E is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	right	1
1 D presents below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	below	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	below	1
1 T and A are parallel, and T is over A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	below	1
1 R is above and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the bottom-left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	right	1
1 B is south east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	below	1
1 N is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	left	1
1 X and B are next to each other with B on the right and X on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned in the top left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I is at the bottom of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	above	1
1 K is over there and X is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	right	1
1 M and L are horizontal and M is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	right	1
1 N is over there and V is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	above	1
1 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 D is on the top side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	below	1
1 H is placed in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	right	1
1 C is positioned right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	right	1
1 J and B are vertical and J is above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	below	1
1 Q is to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	right	1
1 U is to the bottom right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 O is at As 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object D and B are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Z and Q are parallel, and Z is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	left	1
1 F is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 U and F are parallel, and U is under F.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 U is at the bottom of M vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	below	1
1 K is above S and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 R is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 L and U are parallel, and L is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	below	1
1 K is over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	above	1
1 S is positioned left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 F is above H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	above	1
1 D is below and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 F is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	right	1
1 O is placed at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	below	1
1 T is at the lower side of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	above	1
1 H and S are parallel, and H is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 D presents left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 H is to the top right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 M is north west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 M and S are side by side with M to the left and S to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	left	1
1 Y is above G and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 C is over there and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	right	1
1 I is at the lower side of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	below	1
1 D and J are parallel, and D is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	left	1
1 E is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally below C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 T and J are vertical and T is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	below	1
1 I is below R and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 R is above and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 The objects H and Q are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Object Y is below object V and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is sitting at the lower left position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the right of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	right	1
1 E is at R's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	above	1
1 X is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	left	1
1 Q and B are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	right	1
1 K is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 Z and O are horizontal and Z is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Z is over there and K is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	above	1
1 V is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 X is sitting at the top position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	above	1
1 U and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object M is positioned directly above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	above	1
1 O is over there and E is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	right	1
1 Z and Y are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Z and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	left	1
1 The object V is positioned directly below the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	above	1
1 B is over there and F is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	right	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	left	1
1 O is below K at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 N is at the bottom of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	below	1
1 Z is diagonally above Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 B and Z are parallel, and B on the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	left	1
1 C is over there with F below.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	below	1
1 X is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 B and S are parallel, and B is on top of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	below	1
1 Z and O are side by side with Z to the left and O to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	left	1
1 Q and Z are parallel, and Z is below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	above	1
1 F is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	right	1
1 Y and P are vertical and Y is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The objects C and R are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there with S below.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	below	1
1 R and L are both there with the object R is to the right of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	left	1
1 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object Z and O are there. The object Z is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Y is placed on the top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	below	1
1 V is at W's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	above	1
1 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	left	1
1 E is above and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 P is over there and T is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	above	1
1 J is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 N is upper right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 S is on top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 A is directly south west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	left	1
1 F is south east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 K presents lower left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	right	1
1 G is above D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	above	1
1 I is above O at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 I is diagonally right and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the top-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	right	1
1 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	left	1
1 Object D is below object K and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the top of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	below	1
1 D is diagonally right and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Z is on the left and K is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	right	1
1 C is to the top-left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object P is positioned directly above the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 J is positioned in the top left corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 P presents upper left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 G is over T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	left	1
1 B and Q are next to each other with B on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	below	1
1 I is on the left side and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the right of S horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	right	1
1 W is positioned up and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	left	1
1 T is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the right side and top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	right	1
1 A is positioned left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	left	1
1 U is sitting at the lower left position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 K and T are both there with the object K is to the right of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	right	1
1 T is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	below	1
1 P is at the lower side of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	below	1
1 I and U are parallel, and I is over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 H is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the right side and top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned in the front right corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 S is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the left of T horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Z is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally left and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 F is south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	right	1
1 Q is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	above	1
1 R is at the bottom of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	above	1
1 K and U are horizontal and K is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	left	1
1 J is above M at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 L is placed at the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the right side and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 G is over there with J below.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	below	1
1 M and X are side by side with X at the bottom and M on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	below	1
1 F is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 C is diagonally left and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally right and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 G is diagonally right and below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 U and X are parallel, and U is over X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 F and Q are parallel, and Q is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 D and R are both there with the object D is to the left of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	left	1
1 H is above X and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 U and G are next to each other with G on the right and U on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	left	1
1 N is below and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 W is over there and N is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	right	1
1 N is to the left of S horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	left	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 W is positioned above and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the left side of and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the bottom left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned below and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Z is placed at the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	right	1
1 W is positioned above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	above	1
1 Q and D are both there with the object Q is to the right of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	left	1
1 M presents right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	right	1
1 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Y is below F at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 M is directly north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the left of V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	left	1
1 W and J are both there with the object W is to the right of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	right	1
1 E is on the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 A is below and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 A is over there and O is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	right	1
1 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	right	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the top position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 S presents over V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	below	1
1 X is at the bottom of D vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 P is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the left of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	left	1
1 G and J are parallel, and G is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	left	1
1 The objects N and U are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 V is below R at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 R and Q are side by side with R to the right and Q to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	right	1
1 L and J are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 Z is placed in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	left	1
1 K is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 C is north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Z is south west of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Z and U are parallel, and Z on the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	left	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	right	1
1 Object K is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 J is south east of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 P is above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	above	1
1 H is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 D is below N at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C is over there and N is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	left	1
1 J is positioned above and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 M presents upper left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 K is sitting at the lower position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	below	1
1 P is directly south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the top position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	below	1
1 B is at V's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	right	1
1 K is at the lower side of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	above	1
1 W is over there with P below.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	above	1
1 A is over there with M below.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	right	1
1 G is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the bottom-right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 G is above P at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 O is sitting at the upper right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object U and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	below	1
1 O is on top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	below	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 C is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 D is to the bottom-right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 C is below O and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 E and W are parallel, and E on the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	left	1
1 D and N are both there with the object D is to the right of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the left side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 U and K are both there with the object K below the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 O is at the bottom and U is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	below	1
1 E is diagonally left and above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned above and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 N is directly south west of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the left side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	left	1
1 B is positioned in the front right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	right	1
1 B presents lower left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 V and Q are next to each other with V on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	below	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	above	1
1 N is on the lower left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 D is placed at the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Object S is below object D and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 I presents upper right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 H is placed on the top of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	above	1
1 T and H are parallel, and T is over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	above	1
1 A is placed at the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 F and N are both there with the object N below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	above	1
1 C is at the lower side of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	above	1
1 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	above	1
1 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 S is over there and R is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned down and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting at the upper right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	left	1
1 Object Z is below object O and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 W and O are side by side with O at the bottom and W on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	above	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 W is placed in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	left	1
1 H is directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	above	1
1 Y is upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 V is at the bottom of J vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	above	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	right	1
1 D is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 B is below W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	below	1
1 B and I are next to each other with I at the bottom B on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	below	1
1 P and Q are parallel, and P is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	right	1
1 The objects Q and J are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 N is at Z's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	below	1
1 J is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	below	1
1 U is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	above	1
1 U is below T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	below	1
1 P is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	above	1
1 H and N are parallel, and H is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 X and W are both there with the object X above the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 P and U are horizontal and P is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L and A are vertical and L is above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	below	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 P and B are parallel, and B is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	below	1
1 F is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the bottom-right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object J and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the upper left position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 B is directly below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	above	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	right	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 X is directly south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 K and F are side by side with K on the top and F at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 D is to the bottom left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 C and J are in a vertical line with C on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	below	1
1 L is north east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Z is south east of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 K is upper right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	below	1
1 D is lower left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is diagonally right and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	above	1
1 F and C are vertical and F is above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	below	1
1 E and H are horizontal and E is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	left	1
1 A and N are next to each other with A on the top and N at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	below	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 O is over there and G is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 Object O is above object L and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	right	1
1 F is directly south east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 X is over there with K below.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	above	1
1 K is lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	right	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 J and A are parallel, and J is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 B is positioned in the front right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	left	1
1 S is directly north east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	above	1
1 P is sitting at the upper left position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 C presents lower right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned above I and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the right of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	right	1
1 G and W are parallel, and G is under W.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	below	1
1 X is positioned above M and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object D and X are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 I is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, X is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	left	1
1 M and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and M on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	left	1
1 M is at K's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	above	1
1 G is placed at the lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 A presents left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	left	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	above	1
1 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	left	1
1 T is under F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	above	1
1 N is positioned in the front right corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H and S are vertical and H is above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	below	1
1 T and Q are vertical and T is below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	below	1
1 N and K are side by side with N on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	below	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 A is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 T and X are parallel, and T is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	right	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	right	1
1 L is to the left of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 E is at the lower side of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	below	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	left	1
1 H is positioned below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the right of S horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	left	1
1 L is below and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 W and T are in a vertical line with T below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	below	1
1 Y is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 B is placed at the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the top side to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 I is over there and V is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	right	1
1 T is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	right	1
1 B is sitting in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	left	1
1 X is below S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	above	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 I is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Object U is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 O is directly south east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Object Y is below object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 O and X are next to each other with O on the left and X on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	left	1
1 Z is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object K and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 B is positioned below Z and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 C is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	below	1
1 L is positioned below U and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the left side of and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	below	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	right	1
1 E is on the left side and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Q and P are next to each other with Q on the top and P at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	above	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	right	1
1 M is sitting at the upper left position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 A is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	above	1
1 X is directly north east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	left	1
1 G is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 Object M is above object F and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 S and N are side by side with S to the left and N to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	right	1
1 S is positioned right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	right	1
1 C is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	left	1
1 N and E are side by side with N to the right and E to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	right	1
1 U is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 O is on the left and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	left	1
1 T is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 D is directly north east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 L is south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the right side and top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X presents lower right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 F and A are next to each other with F on the left and A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	left	1
1 T is positioned down and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 U is over there and K is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	right	1
1 Object U is below object W and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 W presents over F.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	above	1
1 H and L are next to each other with L on the right and H on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 C is positioned above O and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	above	1
1 I is directly south west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 M is below L and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 J and O are next to each other with J on the top and O at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 Z is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the top position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	above	1
1 P is to the bottom left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The objects R and I are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 U is above D and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 X and T are vertical and X is above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	above	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 M is directly south west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the left side and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	above	1
1 X is over there and B is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	right	1
1 H is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the right side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	left	1
1 O is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 W and Q are parallel, and W is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	left	1
1 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 O is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	right	1
1 Q is below X and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned below G and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the top position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	below	1
1 C is to the top right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 O is above L at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Q and E are side by side with E at the bottom and Q on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	below	1
1 A is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	left	1
1 L is on the right side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	right	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	right	1
1 L is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	left	1
1 The objects I and F are over there. The object I is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 U is above Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	above	1
1 N is to the bottom left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 O is placed at the lower left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 M and L are next to each other with M on the left and L on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	right	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 T is placed at the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 I is on the left and X is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	right	1
1 S is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 H is at Q's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q is above T and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object G and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 V is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	above	1
1 D is sitting at the top position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	below	1
1 U is over there and I is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 X is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there with O above.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	above	1
1 H and M are vertical and H is above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	below	1
1 F is over there and U is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	above	1
1 X and J are next to each other with X on the left and J on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	left	1
1 The objects X and L are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 W and N are both there with the object W is to the left of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 Y is at the lower side of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	below	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the lower left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 I is placed in the left direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	right	1
1 W is over there and K is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	left	1
1 G and O are side by side with G on the top and O at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	below	1
1 M is to the right of Q horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	right	1
1 M is above F at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned in the lower right corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 D is placed at the bottom of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	below	1
1 K is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	left	1
1 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	below	1
1 E is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Object W is below object F and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The objects C and J are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 F is lower left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 I presents right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	right	1
1 R and Y are next to each other with R on the left and Y on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 V is diagonally right and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 B is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	right	1
1 U presents upper left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 L and D are both there with the object L is to the right of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 J is below and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	above	1
1 D is to the top-right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 D and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	right	1
1 T is directly north west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the left side of and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	left	1
1 N is on the right and F is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	right	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 J is north east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the lower left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the bottom-left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally right and above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Q is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	left	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the upper right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 U is above T and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The objects T and X are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	left	1
1 I is on the left and G is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	right	1
1 M and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and M on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	left	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 H is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 O is south west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned above and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally left and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 U is sitting at the top position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	below	1
1 S is on the left side and above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	left	1
1 X is over there with I above.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	below	1
1 O is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	right	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	right	1
1 P is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	below	1
1 W is to the left of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	right	1
1 X and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	right	1
1 J presents lower right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 C is over there and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	left	1
1 A is sitting at the lower position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	below	1
1 B is over there and S is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	left	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the upper right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 L and D are next to each other with D at the bottom L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	above	1
1 L is positioned in the top left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 U is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 X is directly south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 M is sitting at the top position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	left	1
1 X and G are parallel, and X is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 G is over F.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	above	1
1 Z is to the top-left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the left side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	right	1
1 B is to the top-right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 U is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed at the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 W is below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	above	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	above	1
1 J presents upper left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the right side to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	left	1
1 I is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 J and A are horizontal and J is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	right	1
1 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	right	1
1 Y is north west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 F is south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 H is at Ts 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	right	1
1 C is positioned below F and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 N is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	above	1
1 W is directly above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 R is over there and T is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	right	1
1 D and F are both there with the object D above the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	above	1
1 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	below	1
1 E is placed on the top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	below	1
1 I is diagonally right and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 A and E are side by side with A to the left and E to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the lower position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	above	1
1 P and H are next to each other with H on the right and P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	left	1
1 H is south east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 D is directly south west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 I is sitting in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	left	1
1 M is positioned above J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 S is there and K is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The objects F and G are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 U is placed at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	above	1
1 R is north east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting at the top position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	below	1
1 P and I are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	right	1
1 Z is positioned in the front right corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Y is positioned right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 B is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	right	1
1 E is on the left and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	right	1
1 C is positioned above and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there and M is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 U is over there and T is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	right	1
1 B is over there and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	right	1
1 S is over there with X below.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	below	1
1 V and D are side by side with V on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	above	1
1 J is to the left of V horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 Q and S are parallel, and S is below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	below	1
1 K and W are parallel, and K is under W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	above	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, C is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the bottom-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the top of K vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	above	1
1 R is positioned below I and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the top-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the bottom-left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 W is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	below	1
1 G is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 O is above and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V and R are in a vertical line with R below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	below	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 E is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	below	1
1 N is positioned up and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T is directly below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	below	1
1 I is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the right side and top of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	below	1
1 N is on the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 N is above O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	above	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the lower left position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I presents lower left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 F presents below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object C and N are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	right	1
1 H is at L's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the right of M horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 F and Q are side by side with F to the right and Q to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	left	1
1 Q is placed at the bottom of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	above	1
1 Z is directly below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	above	1
1 N is placed in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	left	1
1 F is placed at the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Z is on the right and G is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	left	1
1 U is above N at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The objects E and G are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the top of C vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	above	1
1 R is positioned below K and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	right	1
1 Object H is below object T and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 P presents upper right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	left	1
1 K and N are parallel, and K is on top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	above	1
1 A and E are side by side with A to the left and E to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	right	1
1 F is positioned down and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 P is above R and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 B is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 F is positioned below S and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	right	1
1 P is over there and B is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	left	1
1 U is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	left	1
1 F is over there with X above.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	above	1
1 M is lower left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 B is directly below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	below	1
1 The objects T and A are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 X and I are side by side with I at the bottom and X on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 S is placed at the lower right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 K is over there and M is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 N is placed at the lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 G is over there and T is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Z and R are both there with the object Z is to the left of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	right	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	below	1
1 E presents right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	right	1
1 F is diagonally right and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the left side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 A is above H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 Q is over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 I is to the bottom left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 A is directly south east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 M is at the bottom of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object G is positioned directly above the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	below	1
1 G and K are side by side with G to the left and K to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	left	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 I is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 Y is positioned right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	left	1
1 F is over there with L below.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 P and E are vertical and P is above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	above	1
1 C is below and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	above	1
1 R and A are vertical and R is above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	above	1
1 Y is below E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	below	1
1 W is over there and Y is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 D is placed at the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 U is north west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 J and I are parallel, and J is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	right	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 D and Y are in a vertical line with Y below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	below	1
1 Q and K are parallel, and Q on the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is diagonally right and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 J is directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	below	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P and S are side by side with P on the top and S at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	above	1
1 H is directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	above	1
1 P is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 K is above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	right	1
1 P is over there with W above.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	above	1
1 R presents right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	right	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 D and S are vertical and D is above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	below	1
1 Object B is below object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 V is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower right position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 E is above U and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 O is at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	right	1
1 D is diagonally right and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 U presents right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Q and T are horizontal and Q is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	left	1
1 Z and P are side by side with Z to the right and P to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	left	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	right	1
1 T is positioned up and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 X is diagonally right and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	above	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	left	1
1 D is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 P and J are parallel, and P is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	below	1
1 Q is at the bottom of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	below	1
1 U and H are vertical and U is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 V is positioned below L and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 H is south east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Q is below A at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 A is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the top-left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 W is below T and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object D and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned up and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the upper right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Y is directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	above	1
1 H and Q are vertical and H is above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	below	1
1 V is above A at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 M is north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 W and M are parallel, and W is over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the right of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	left	1
1 W is above and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 L is below M and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at F's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	below	1
1 Q and M are both there with the object Q is to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	right	1
1 G is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	above	1
1 N is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 M and Z are parallel, and M is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	left	1
1 B is sitting in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	right	1
1 G is below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	below	1
1 A is directly south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 I and U are parallel, and I is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 Z is over there and P is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	left	1
1 N and I are horizontal and N is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	right	1
1 R is over there with V below.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	below	1
1 Y and T are parallel, and Y is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	right	1
1 L presents below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	above	1
1 Z is upper right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 C is directly above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	above	1
1 K is directly south east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 K is below M and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	right	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	right	1
1 J is positioned above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	above	1
1 M is positioned up and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 I and P are parallel, and P is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	above	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 J is above K at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 W is below C at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Object I is below object N and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the top side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	below	1
1 Z is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	above	1
1 S presents lower left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is positioned directly above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	above	1
1 V is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 F is above and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 I is at Hs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	left	1
1 N is sitting at the upper left position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 T and Z are both there with the object Z below the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	above	1
1 K is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 F and J are parallel, and F is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object F is positioned directly below the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	below	1
1 A is sitting at the lower right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned above and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Q and A are side by side with Q to the right and A to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	right	1
1 J is positioned below E and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned up and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	below	1
1 U is above L at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	right	1
1 I is over there and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	right	1
1 O is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 W is diagonally left and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 P is north west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 G is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 M and Y are parallel, and M is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	right	1
1 B is to the top of J vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 A is on top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	below	1
1 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	right	1
1 E is to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	right	1
1 Y is on the left side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the right side and top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 M and L are both there with the object M is to the left of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	right	1
1 U is positioned in the front right corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	left	1
1 D is directly south east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 T is at Ws 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	right	1
1 U is on the right side and top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Q and N are parallel, and Q on the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	right	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	right	1
1 V is at Xs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	left	1
1 P is to the left of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	left	1
1 O is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 J and R are both there with the object J is to the left of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object X is positioned directly below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 I is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 M is below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	left	1
1 W is below A at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	right	1
1 V is at Cs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	left	1
1 T is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 V is below Q at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 S is above D and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the top-right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 P is over there and Q is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 U is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	left	1
1 D is south west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 U is placed in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	left	1
1 A is over there and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	right	1
1 C is positioned below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object M and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 V is directly north east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 L and O are parallel, and L on the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 X is above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	below	1
1 L is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	below	1
1 L is positioned above G and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the left of P horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	right	1
1 M is at the bottom and O is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	above	1
1 R is on the right side and top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting in the left direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	left	1
1 L is on the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 P is diagonally right and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	below	1
1 X is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 H is above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is over there and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	right	1
1 M presents left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	right	1
1 D is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	right	1
1 L is to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 L and M are parallel, and L is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	left	1
1 O is positioned in the top left corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 V is placed at the lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 P and X are in a vertical line with P on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	below	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 D is at P's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	above	1
1 G is positioned in the top left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the bottom left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	left	1
1 The objects N and P are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 G is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 A is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B and P are parallel, and B is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	right	1
1 M presents upper left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	right	1
1 H is above I and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 P is above N at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 K is below G at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Q presents right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	right	1
1 Z is positioned above P and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U presents lower left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 S is directly below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 O is over there and C is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	left	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	right	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	right	1
1 Z is positioned below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	below	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the right side and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	below	1
1 B is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Z is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 M is over there and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	right	1
1 J is above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Z and W are parallel, and Z is on top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M is positioned up and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 A is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	right	1
1 M is diagonally right and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the left side of and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object V and Q are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	right	1
1 J is positioned above F and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	right	1
1 N is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 O is over there and N is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	right	1
1 F is on the right side and top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 M and S are parallel, and M is over S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	below	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	right	1
1 Z is to the top-right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 X is placed at the lower right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 W is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 C presents upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	right	1
1 V is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the left side and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 R is over there with Y below.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	above	1
1 K is placed at the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 A is over there with K above.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	above	1
1 H is over there and P is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	right	1
1 I is below O at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 M is placed at the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 H and C are parallel, and H is to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 I and S are parallel, and I is under S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	above	1
1 T is over there and H is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	left	1
1 K is placed at the lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the bottom of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	above	1
1 O is above S at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 X is at G's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 C is over there and F is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	left	1
1 B is on the left side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 U is positioned below G and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	right	1
1 K is above G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	above	1
1 E and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	right	1
1 M is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	above	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 D is above V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	above	1
1 T is above and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 A is placed at the bottom of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	below	1
1 T presents left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	right	1
1 A is above and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the top and N is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	below	1
1 L is at the bottom and M is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 R presents upper left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 E is lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 M is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 B is positioned below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Object Q is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L is placed at the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 K is south west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	above	1
1 N and E are both there with the object N is to the right of object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	right	1
1 G and O are side by side with O at the bottom and G on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	above	1
1 T is upper right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 R and T are parallel, and R is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 V is directly above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	above	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 P is above M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	above	1
1 K is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 G and V are next to each other with V at the bottom G on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 F is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	right	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 A is above and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned above K and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned below P and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S is sitting at the top position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	above	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 I is diagonally below F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 V is south east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there and A is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 N and D are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	left	1
1 D is lower left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	left	1
1 V and P are parallel, and V on the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object Q and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 T and N are side by side with T to the left and N to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	left	1
1 Y and Q are parallel, and Q is below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	below	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 U and Q are vertical and U is below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	below	1
1 T is over there with P below.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	above	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 P and O are parallel, and P is over O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the lower position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	below	1
1 H and C are vertical and H is below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	below	1
1 M is at K's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the left of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	left	1
1 I is to the bottom-right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	left	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	right	1
1 F is on the right side and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 I is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 K is above and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the right side and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	left	1
1 X is to the left of S horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	left	1
1 G is over there and I is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	right	1
1 I and N are parallel, and I on the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is positioned below M and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The objects V and Z are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 L is directly south west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	below	1
1 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 U is sitting at the lower right position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 B is placed at the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 W and G are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	left	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 J is placed at the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 J and I are parallel, and J is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	right	1
1 R is positioned above and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 W and I are parallel, and W is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	left	1
1 G is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	above	1
1 G is over there and V is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	above	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	left	1
1 V is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 X is below and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	right	1
1 R and F are horizontal and R is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	left	1
1 M is on the left side to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	left	1
1 K presents upper left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 S and C are in a vertical line with C below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 P is below A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	above	1
1 Q is over there and R is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	above	1
1 A is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 J is below D at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned in the front right corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	above	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	right	1
1 L is directly south west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The objects Z and C are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 A is above and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the upper right position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is lower left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	left	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 D is directly north west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the top and P is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	above	1
1 D is over there and T is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	below	1
1 P is placed at the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the bottom-right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object R and Z are there. The object Z is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	below	1
1 N is above and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object N is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	right	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Q is under M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	below	1
1 E is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	left	1
1 Y presents over W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the top right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 G is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 R presents over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	above	1
1 E is on the left side and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 P and K are both there with the object P is to the right of object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	left	1
1 P is to the top-left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting in the left direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally below A to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object J and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 G is lower left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 A and K are both there with the object A above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	below	1
1 D is below and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the right and F is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	right	1
1 U is to the top-right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned above and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	above	1
1 R and S are both there with the object R is to the right of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	right	1
1 X is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	right	1
1 L and A are both there with the object A below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	below	1
1 I is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	right	1
1 X is directly north east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object I and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Object L is below object D and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	right	1
1 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	right	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	left	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	right	1
1 J is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 F is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the top of D vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	above	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	right	1
1 L is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	below	1
1 F and W are parallel, and F is over W.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	above	1
1 C presents lower right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Object R is below object T and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 U and J are parallel, and U is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	left	1
1 B presents left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	right	1
1 Y and K are parallel, and Y is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 R and Q are parallel, and Q is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is above P at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	left	1
1 Z is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the right of R horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	right	1
1 G and P are vertical and G is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	above	1
1 M is south east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Q is below T at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Y is north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Q is placed at the lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 S is below C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	above	1
1 B is below S and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the top-right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 T and Q are parallel, and T on the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 E and V are parallel, and E on the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	left	1
1 E is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Z is on the right and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	left	1
1 I is on the right side and top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	left	1
1 F is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 T and M are parallel, and T is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	above	1
1 S is directly south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the left side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	left	1
1 M is below S at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 D is north west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 D is directly north west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	right	1
1 K is to the right of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	right	1
1 L is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the top and W is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	below	1
1 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 D is over there with N below.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	above	1
1 U is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	above	1
1 P is directly north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Z and D are both there with the object Z above the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	above	1
1 T and H are both there with the object T is to the left of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	left	1
1 V is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	below	1
1 I and Q are parallel, and I is on top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	below	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 C is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 X is placed at the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 V and U are in a vertical line with V on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	above	1
1 T is on the lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 A and B are parallel, and A is to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	right	1
1 Z is diagonally below C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the top-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 E is over there with P below.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	above	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	below	1
1 N is at U's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	left	1
1 C is above and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 L and T are side by side with L to the left and T to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	left	1
1 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	above	1
1 K is positioned in the front right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W is at Ns 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 Q and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	right	1
1 X presents right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 G and D are parallel, and G on the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	left	1
1 A is at the bottom and R is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 F is over there and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	left	1
1 W and T are both there with the object T below the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	above	1
1 H is over there and Q is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	left	1
1 V is over there and F is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 I is over there and W is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	right	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 G and P are parallel, and G is to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	left	1
1 G is to the bottom right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	below	1
1 Object G is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned above L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the left of M horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	left	1
1 G is to the bottom-right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 U is south west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned in the front right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	left	1
1 D is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 F and A are parallel, and F is over A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 S is over there and Y is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Z is over there and A is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	right	1
1 P and B are vertical and P is above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	above	1
1 S is over V.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	above	1
1 O is lower left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 N and G are parallel, and N is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	above	1
1 S is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	left	1
1 O is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	below	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	left	1
1 The objects X and H are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 V is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the top-right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 X is over there and A is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	below	1
1 W is at the lower side of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 P is below N and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 P is upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 L and O are parallel, and L on the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 J is positioned below B and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 B is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	right	1
1 Q is placed in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 O is to the top right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned down and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 W is above M at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	right	1
1 F is placed at the lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned above and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 T and P are side by side with T on the top and P at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	above	1
1 The object N is positioned directly above the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	above	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	left	1
1 Y is to the bottom-left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 F is placed on the top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is above Q at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Y is below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 X is at L's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	above	1
1 F is lower right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, O is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the left and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	right	1
1 Q is at Ls 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	left	1
1 W is to the bottom left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 U is above I at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 B is positioned right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	right	1
1 N presents upper left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	left	1
1 G is to the bottom-right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Z and R are next to each other with Z on the top and R at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 T presents over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	below	1
1 M presents right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	left	1
1 O is below A at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 U is over there and T is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 T is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	above	1
1 R is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the bottom-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the top side to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 F and S are parallel, and F is under S.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	below	1
1 U is positioned below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	above	1
1 C is below and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 L is at the lower side of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 Z is above O and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Q and U are parallel, and Q is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 S is directly above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	below	1
1 The object R and X are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the top side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	below	1
1 M is placed at the lower left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 K is north west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 S is diagonally right and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	right	1
1 M is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 D is over there and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 W is diagonally left and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 O is at C's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	below	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	below	1
1 The objects Y and Q are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 K is sitting at the lower left position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 S and U are in a horizontal line with U on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	left	1
1 L is to the top of S vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	below	1
1 X is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	right	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O is sitting at the top position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	above	1
1 P is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the bottom-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 D is over there and Y is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	above	1
1 V is placed at the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned below L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the top of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	below	1
1 X is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	left	1
1 E is on the upper right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and F is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	right	1
1 D is upper right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 V is diagonally left and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the bottom right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 E and O are horizontal and E is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	left	1
1 H is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there and A is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	right	1
1 G is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	right	1
1 Y is on the left side of and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object E is positioned directly below the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	below	1
1 D is to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	below	1
1 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the right of O horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	left	1
1 B is diagonally right and above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 J and X are in a vertical line with J on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	above	1
1 O is positioned above E and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned up and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The objects D and E are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 C is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the right of M horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	right	1
1 Q is below A and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 K is placed on the top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	above	1
1 R is to the right of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	right	1
1 G is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 T presents over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	above	1
1 A is placed at the lower right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the right side and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 A is placed at the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 N is below M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	above	1
1 Y is on the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 R is over there and W is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	right	1
1 J is on the left side and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	left	1
1 R and Z are parallel, and R is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	below	1
1 M and Z are horizontal and M is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	right	1
1 V and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	left	1
1 F is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the left side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 E is positioned above A and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 C is below A at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	left	1
1 The object I and G are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at the bottom and M is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	above	1
1 I is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 N is at V's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	right	1
1 P is south east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and H is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	above	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower left position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 L is diagonally right and above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 D is below and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 G and U are both there with the object G is to the left of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	right	1
1 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	above	1
1 I and C are parallel, and I is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	right	1
1 X is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the bottom right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the lower left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed at the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the left side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 T and H are horizontal and T is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	right	1
1 O is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T presents lower left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 F is at Hs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	right	1
1 H is south west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Object V is below object A and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	left	1
1 U is at the bottom of C and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	above	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the left and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	left	1
1 B and A are parallel, and B on the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 H is lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 U is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	above	1
1 Object W is above object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 U and O are both there with the object O below the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 M presents over F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	below	1
1 X is placed at the lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the bottom-left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 W is south east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 V is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	below	1
1 R is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	left	1
1 D is positioned above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Q is to the bottom-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 J is positioned left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	left	1
1 Y is on the left and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, U is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 A is over there and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 F is over there and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 P is below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 E is over there and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	left	1
1 The objects N and H are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned in the top left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 D and N are vertical and D is above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	below	1
1 T is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	below	1
1 Q presents lower left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	right	1
1 A and G are parallel, and A is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	below	1
1 A is below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 T and S are side by side with S at the bottom and T on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	above	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	left	1
1 Z is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 I is positioned below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	below	1
1 P is at the lower side of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	below	1
1 P and G are vertical and P is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	above	1
1 F is on the left side of and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the right of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	left	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 R and N are side by side with R on the top and N at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	below	1
1 U and D are next to each other with U on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	above	1
1 E is to the bottom-left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 P is lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 F and K are next to each other with K on the right and F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 Z is positioned below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 T is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 J is at the lower side of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	above	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	left	1
1 O is on the lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting at the top position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	below	1
1 C is positioned above and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The objects T and E are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 A and E are both there with the object A above the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	above	1
1 P is to the right of H horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally left and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 U and F are side by side with U to the left and F to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	right	1
1 I and K are next to each other with I on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	below	1
1 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	below	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 U is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 W is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	below	1
1 V is on the top side to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	below	1
1 N and U are side by side with U at the bottom and N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	above	1
1 K is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 U and G are both there with the object U above the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	below	1
1 E is on the left and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	right	1
1 P is at C's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 V is positioned up and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 M is over there and I is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	left	1
1 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	below	1
1 Z is directly north east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 N is at Xs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	right	1
1 V and Y are parallel, and V is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	above	1
1 K is at Ns 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	right	1
1 U is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K is above V and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the right and A is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	right	1
1 I is below and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 O is above S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y is to the bottom-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the left side of and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 E is above M and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	below	1
1 P is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 M is directly north east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 G is at Ps 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	right	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	left	1
1 X and D are parallel, and X is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	right	1
1 O is below and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 X and H are side by side with X on the top and H at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 P is placed at the bottom of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	below	1
1 F is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned below U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 S is south west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Z is directly below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	below	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 U is positioned above and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	left	1
1 F is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally left and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Object B is below object T and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	below	1
1 G is placed in the right direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	left	1
1 U is to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object N is positioned directly below the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	below	1
1 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	above	1
1 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	right	1
1 Z is placed at the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 H is below B and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the lower right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 S and V are side by side with S to the left and V to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	right	1
1 V is below A and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 C presents lower right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 A is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Q is north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	right	1
1 O is over there and H is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 U is on the right side and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 R and N are parallel, and R is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	left	1
1 S is north west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the top right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 O is sitting at the upper right position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 L and A are parallel, and L is on top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	below	1
1 I and C are parallel, and I on the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	left	1
1 C is below S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 T is positioned left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	left	1
1 L presents upper left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C is above and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 V is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 E is sitting in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is below Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	below	1
1 G is below D and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Z is directly north west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 J is positioned below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	below	1
1 H is diagonally left and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 T and W are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 O and V are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 D and X are parallel, and X is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	left	1
1 I is to the top right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 K is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	above	1
1 B is sitting at the upper left position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U and M are parallel, and U on the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	left	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 W is above G and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	below	1
1 J is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	above	1
1 L is directly south west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	below	1
1 A and G are next to each other with A on the top and G at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	above	1
1 H is at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	below	1
1 X is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	above	1
1 P is to the bottom-left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 N is over there and X is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	below	1
1 C is at Qs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	left	1
1 C is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	above	1
1 S is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 M is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	above	1
1 T and R are parallel, and T is under R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	above	1
1 F is above and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The object U is positioned directly below the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the bottom of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	below	1
1 B is diagonally left and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 A is over there and H is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 A and V are parallel, and A on the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	left	1
1 U is placed at the bottom of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	below	1
1 J is sitting at the upper right position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 K and Y are horizontal and K is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	right	1
1 X is to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 G and P are parallel, and G is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	left	1
1 U is sitting at the lower left position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 G is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 V is positioned below and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	right	1
1 K is directly above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	below	1
1 A is over there and D is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	left	1
1 G is sitting at the lower position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	above	1
1 J is south west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 K and V are horizontal and K is to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	right	1
1 T is positioned right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	left	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there with R above.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	above	1
1 L presents upper left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 J and Z are parallel, and J is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E is positioned above and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	left	1
1 M is directly south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the right and C is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	right	1
1 S and A are in a vertical line with A below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	below	1
1 U is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	right	1
1 L is to the bottom-right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Q presents upper right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	above	1
1 Q is south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T is placed in the left direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	left	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned in the top left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned in the front right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there and D is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 A presents right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	left	1
1 D is on the right side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 S is to the right of T horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the right side and top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Q and B are parallel, and Q on the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 D is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 T and W are side by side with W at the bottom and T on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	above	1
1 A is at the bottom of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 E is diagonally left and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 B is at As 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 Z is directly south west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 I is placed at the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned above and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 B and U are vertical and B is above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	above	1
1 Q is lower left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned below W and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	right	1
1 L and R are side by side with L to the right and R to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	right	1
1 V and O are parallel, and V is on top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	above	1
1 U is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 A is over there and O is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	left	1
1 N presents lower right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting at the top position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	below	1
1 Y is to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 A is above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	above	1
1 V is positioned above F and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 I is directly north east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Z is on the top and A is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	above	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	left	1
1 B is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	left	1
1 Y is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	left	1
1 A is positioned right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	right	1
1 F and I are horizontal and F is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	right	1
1 N is directly south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	below	1
1 O is positioned down and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 I and M are parallel, and I is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	left	1
1 B is to the bottom-right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 V and Z are both there with the object V is to the right of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	left	1
1 H presents lower right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 O is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the right of F horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	left	1
1 E is above W and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 V is below T at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 E and H are both there with the object H below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	below	1
1 S is over there and U is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	left	1
1 R and A are both there with the object A below the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	above	1
1 B is at Qs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 U is at P's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	below	1
1 R is positioned down and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 T is sitting at the top position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 X is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 L is below and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 E and Y are side by side with E to the right and Y to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	left	1
1 I is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 J is above and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 G and N are parallel, and G is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 O is on the left and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	right	1
1 T is positioned above and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 B and H are parallel, and B is over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	below	1
1 S is diagonally right and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 W is over there and B is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	below	1
1 W is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Z is at the bottom of O vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	below	1
1 The objects S and L are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 O is directly above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	below	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is sitting at the lower left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the top and T is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	above	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 A is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	below	1
1 U is positioned below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	below	1
1 T is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 V is placed at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	above	1
1 F is north west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the right side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	left	1
1 R is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	above	1
1 K is lower left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the right side to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	left	1
1 B is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 E and M are both there with the object E is to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 K is sitting at the upper right position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 K is lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	below	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the top position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	above	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 N is positioned above H and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 E presents lower left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the top-right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 N is over there and M is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	left	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	above	1
1 H is to the left of M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	right	1
1 K is directly north east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 F is below I and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z is below P at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 W and G are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	right	1
1 X is to the top-left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	left	1
1 R is above and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 S is over there and U is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	above	1
1 P is under Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	above	1
1 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 P presents over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	below	1
1 H is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 H and W are vertical and H is above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	above	1
1 N is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned above U and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the bottom right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 D and Y are vertical and D is below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	below	1
1 S is at Ns 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	right	1
1 S is over there and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	left	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	right	1
1 B is over there and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	right	1
1 T and Y are horizontal and T is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	left	1
1 W and N are horizontal and W is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	right	1
1 K is on the right side and top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	right	1
1 A is above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	above	1
1 I is over S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	below	1
1 R presents lower right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 X is below and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned up and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	left	1
1 Y is to the bottom-right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 D is diagonally left and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object G and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is directly north west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 X is directly south east of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 N is on top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 C is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	below	1
1 G is directly south east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 J is directly south east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the top and T is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 T is above and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 E and C are parallel, and E is on top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	below	1
1 F is on the right and I is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Q and B are parallel, and Q is under B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	above	1
1 B is to the bottom-right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, O is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	left	1
1 H is placed on the top of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	below	1
1 H is to the top-left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the left side to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	right	1
1 M is at the bottom of F vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	below	1
1 J is sitting at the lower position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	below	1
1 V is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	right	1
1 U is on the left side of and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 A is above S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting in the left direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	left	1
1 C and R are horizontal and C is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q is positioned below U and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 A is below and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 H is above W and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	right	1
1 U is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the top side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	above	1
1 C and W are both there with the object C is to the right of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	right	1
1 M is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 X is at the lower side of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 Z is above M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	right	1
1 D is on the top side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	below	1
1 U is above and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	below	1
1 P is to the right of M horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	right	1
1 Q is at P's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	above	1
1 O is on the left side and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 F is above and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 T is below H and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 J is at D's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	below	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	above	1
1 W is on the left side of and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 M is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and D is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 N is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	right	1
1 F presents below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	above	1
1 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	right	1
1 H is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Q is below K and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 T is north east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 T is south west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 C is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Z is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the top-right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 N is above Y at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	left	1
1 W and A are next to each other with W on the left and A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	left	1
1 X is below K and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 S presents lower left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is positioned directly above the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 Y and O are horizontal and Y is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	right	1
1 M is above A at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 K is below T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	below	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 K is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	below	1
1 V is placed in the left direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 Y and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	left	1
1 U and W are both there with the object U is to the right of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	right	1
1 V is placed in the right direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	right	1
1 K is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	right	1
1 I is over there with B above.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	below	1
1 V is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	right	1
1 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Q is lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	right	1
1 G is placed in the left direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	right	1
1 G is under M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	above	1
1 E is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 E is below N and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 E and P are vertical and E is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	below	1
1 U is positioned down and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 A and K are parallel, and A on the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	left	1
1 D is over there and U is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	below	1
1 H presents over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	above	1
1 R and A are both there with the object R above the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 I and B are next to each other with B at the bottom I on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	below	1
1 M and R are parallel, and M is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	right	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	above	1
1 I is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object E is positioned directly below the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	below	1
1 O is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	right	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	left	1
1 R is diagonally right and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	above	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, B is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 J is over there and U is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	above	1
1 P and D are parallel, and P is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	below	1
1 C is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	left	1
1 V is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 R is at E's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	above	1
1 O is placed in the left direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 J presents lower left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	right	1
1 T is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	right	1
1 S is positioned left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	left	1
1 B is above O and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the right side and top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned in the front right corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	above	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 J is directly south east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned in the front right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 K is south west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting at the upper left position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned up and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 U is directly below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	below	1
1 Y is north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 M and W are side by side with M to the right and W to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	left	1
1 G is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	right	1
1 V is over there with I above.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	below	1
1 T is over there with W below.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	above	1
1 V is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	right	1
1 G is above U at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 P and N are next to each other with P on the top and N at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	below	1
1 X and A are side by side with X to the right and A to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Y is over there and Z is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 B is below J and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	above	1
1 I and S are vertical and I is above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	below	1
1 J is below G at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 T is placed at the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 T is over there with G above.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 J is below P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	below	1
1 V is diagonally above S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the right of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object I is positioned directly above the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 N and J are both there with the object N is to the left of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 B presents lower left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 P and F are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	left	1
1 G is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The object Z and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 B is positioned above and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 K is north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	right	1
1 The objects O and X are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	right	1
1 P and B are next to each other with P on the left and B on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	right	1
1 F is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 X and C are both there with the object X is to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	right	1
1 K is at the bottom of Z vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Q and T are parallel, and Q on the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 B is positioned in the front right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the bottom-right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the bottom-right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Object L is below object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally below C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	below	1
1 The object L is positioned directly above the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	above	1
1 R is positioned up and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 K is placed on the top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	above	1
1 U is on the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at C's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P is south east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 N and W are both there with the object N is to the left of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Q and G are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	right	1
1 J and U are horizontal and J is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 D is below Z at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the top right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	right	1
1 E is south east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned in the top left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object H and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 J and W are parallel, and J is over W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally right and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 C is placed at the bottom of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	below	1
1 O is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned above Y and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	left	1
1 T is placed on the top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	below	1
1 V is directly below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	above	1
1 B and E are side by side with B on the top and E at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	below	1
1 T is over there and Z is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	right	1
1 L and D are both there with the object L is to the right of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	left	1
1 O and H are both there with the object O is to the left of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 E is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	left	1
1 O is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	right	1
1 X and O are in a vertical line with O below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	below	1
1 F is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 P and O are next to each other with P on the top and O at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	above	1
1 G is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 D and C are parallel, and D is to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	right	1
1 G and O are horizontal and G is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	right	1
1 M is above F and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the top right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned above C and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 A and U are both there with the object A is to the left of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	right	1
1 N is sitting at the upper left position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 E is at F's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	below	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 X is over there and P is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 G is over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	below	1
1 O is diagonally right and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 S presents below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	above	1
1 Y is on the left and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	right	1
1 F is below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	above	1
1 A is north west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the left side of and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 L is placed at the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 I is positioned above and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	left	1
1 Object P is above object T and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	below	1
1 S and X are in a vertical line with X below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	above	1
1 B is above Y and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Z and S are vertical and Z is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	below	1
1 L is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 B is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	below	1
1 X is below Z at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Object K is below object S and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 L is above C and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Object N is above object M and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 C and J are both there with the object C is to the left of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	left	1
1 O is over there with Z above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	below	1
1 T is on top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	above	1
1 L is to the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 X and G are vertical and X is above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 A is on the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 M is over there with Y above.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	below	1
1 W is on the lower left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally right and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H is north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 G is below and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	above	1
1 Object T is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	below	1
1 C is placed on the top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 R is north west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 K is over X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	right	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 X and V are in a vertical line with X on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	below	1
1 S and M are horizontal and S is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	left	1
1 B presents right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	left	1
1 F and W are next to each other with F on the left and W on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 The object J and E are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	right	1
1 N is placed in the left direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	right	1
1 M presents left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	left	1
1 E is to the bottom-right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V is at P's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	below	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	right	1
1 G is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned above O and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 H is directly south east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	right	1
1 V is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 L and E are next to each other with E at the bottom L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	above	1
1 L is below D at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	left	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	right	1
1 P is directly north west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S and P are vertical and S is above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	above	1
1 G is to the bottom-left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Object B is below object S and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object G and N are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 L presents lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there with B above.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	above	1
1 K is on the lower left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	left	1
1 H is on the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is directly below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	right	1
1 R is to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned up and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Object M is below object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 M is at D's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 E is over there and G is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	right	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	left	1
1 D is directly south east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 R presents left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	right	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object C is positioned directly below the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	below	1
1 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	below	1
1 L is positioned below and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the bottom right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the left side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	left	1
1 J is above E at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 I is above S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	below	1
1 M is directly south east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the left and W is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	right	1
1 U is to the bottom-right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	left	1
1 P presents upper right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 B and F are parallel, and F is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	below	1
1 J is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	above	1
1 O is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 U is sitting at the top position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	above	1
1 L is above U and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 N is north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the left of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	right	1
1 Object X is above object C and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	right	1
1 V and M are parallel, and V is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	right	1
1 F and C are parallel, and F on the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	left	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 I presents over V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	below	1
1 S is to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 N and T are parallel, and N is over T.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	above	1
1 P is upper right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 B and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	left	1
1 The objects K and X are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 V is positioned right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 D is below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	above	1
1 G is south west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 T and N are side by side with T to the left and N to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z and J are both there with the object J below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	below	1
1 V presents left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Y is below L at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 V is diagonally right and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 X is at the bottom of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	above	1
1 Z is over there and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	left	1
1 S is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 X is directly north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 K is north east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the lower left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the bottom-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 U is placed in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	right	1
1 Z and V are in a vertical line with V below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 D is on the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 D is above B and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	above	1
1 O is to the top of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	below	1
1 X is placed on the top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	above	1
1 L presents left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	right	1
1 B is to the right of M horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 D and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	left	1
1 L is below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	above	1
1 B and Y are next to each other with B on the left and Y on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The objects P and Q are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	right	1
1 G and F are side by side with F at the bottom and G on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	below	1
1 C is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 M is above and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 J is over there and T is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	below	1
1 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 S is positioned up and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	below	1
1 X is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	right	1
1 D and H are horizontal and D is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 I is placed in the right direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	left	1
1 V is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the bottom left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	below	1
1 F is below O and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Y and S are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	right	1
1 T is directly north east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there and Z is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	below	1
1 P is over there and S is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	above	1
1 M is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned in the front right corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	right	1
1 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	above	1
1 N is on the lower left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 I is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 C presents below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	below	1
1 T presents right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	right	1
1 The objects D and B are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	right	1
1 X is above E at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 I is placed at the bottom of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 V and M are parallel, and V is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	below	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object D and H are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 C is south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	below	1
1 R and P are in a vertical line with P below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	below	1
1 X is positioned below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	below	1
1 D is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 E is placed at the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object J and R are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the lower right position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 N is north west of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed on the top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W is lower left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 B and W are parallel, and B is under W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	below	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	below	1
1 L is placed at the upper right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Q and D are side by side with Q on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	above	1
1 I is above and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the left side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	left	1
1 W presents below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	below	1
1 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 J is lower left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the top-right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 S is below W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	above	1
1 T is below F at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 M is over there and Y is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	above	1
1 J is positioned above B and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Z is directly north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 E is over there and L is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	left	1
1 H is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	above	1
1 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	right	1
1 M and D are next to each other with M on the left and D on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	left	1
1 L and E are side by side with L on the top and E at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	below	1
1 K is to the top of A vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	above	1
1 I is on the right side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	right	1
1 F presents right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	left	1
1 M is over there and Z is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 S is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 F is below M at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 B is below and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 W is below L at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 H is placed at the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 D is over there and V is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	below	1
1 F is to the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 T is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 J is below S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	right	1
1 F is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	right	1
1 U is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	right	1
1 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	above	1
1 The objects L and B are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 A is above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	below	1
1 G is placed in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	below	1
1 E is below F and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 B is sitting at the top position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	below	1
1 V is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the left side to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	right	1
1 L is to the right of F horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	right	1
1 E and V are next to each other with E on the top and V at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	below	1
1 W is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the left side and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the bottom-left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right of Y horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Z is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the top-left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	below	1
1 Y presents upper left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at the bottom and A is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	below	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	right	1
1 S and Q are both there with the object S above the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	below	1
1 L and Z are both there with the object L above the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	below	1
1 O is on top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	above	1
1 Y is on the right side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	right	1
1 K is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the top and S is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	above	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 I is south east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N and H are next to each other with H at the bottom N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	below	1
1 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	above	1
1 M is below V at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting in the right direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	left	1
1 F is over there and O is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	below	1
1 J is positioned down and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 L is upper right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 N and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	below	1
1 S is on the left side of and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 F is at N's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	left	1
1 D presents upper left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E is directly south west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 C is over there with M above.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	below	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object T is positioned directly below the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	right	1
1 Y is to the right of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object J is positioned directly above the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 V is below L and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the left side of and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the right side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	right	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned below C and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	below	1
1 C is directly north east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 C is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Q and L are next to each other with L on the right and Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	right	1
1 F and I are side by side with F to the right and I to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	right	1
1 C and V are both there with the object V below the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	above	1
1 M is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	right	1
1 S is above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the top position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	below	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, L is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned in the top left corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 A and Y are parallel, and A is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 F and R are in a vertical line with R below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	above	1
1 D is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned above and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 W presents upper left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting at the lower position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	above	1
1 E is over there and G is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Object P is above object A and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 W is below Z at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	right	1
1 J is at Vs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	right	1
1 A is on top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	above	1
1 S is over there with I below.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	above	1
1 P is positioned below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	above	1
1 B is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	left	1
1 I is over there with G above.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	above	1
1 D and U are next to each other with U on the right and D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	right	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 H is below A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 Y is positioned left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	left	1
1 Z is to the top-left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	above	1
1 A and D are parallel, and A is over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	below	1
1 K and G are next to each other with G at the bottom K on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	below	1
1 S and R are side by side with R at the bottom and S on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 K is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	above	1
1 I is below and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	below	1
1 V and Y are side by side with V on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	above	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the lower left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 A is on top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	below	1
1 U is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 L and W are next to each other with L on the left and W on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	left	1
1 T is north west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 V is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	left	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 H is above F at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 J and S are parallel, and J on the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	right	1
1 T is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Q and N are side by side with Q to the right and N to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 N is below V at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 F presents lower left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 I is above S at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 S is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	below	1
1 X is positioned above O and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	left	1
1 C is to the left of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	left	1
1 N is over there and U is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the bottom of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	above	1
1 U is on the lower right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 L is diagonally right and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 C is placed at the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 F is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	below	1
1 F is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	right	1
1 O is at I's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	above	1
1 R is positioned above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	above	1
1 V is on the right and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 F presents upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	right	1
1 H is placed in the right direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	left	1
1 J presents lower left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 H is at B's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	left	1
1 R and O are both there with the object R above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	below	1
1 Object G is above object A and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 I is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	below	1
1 G is positioned right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	right	1
1 X is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	below	1
1 C is south east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 B is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	below	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper left position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 B and M are side by side with M at the bottom and B on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	below	1
1 O is to the bottom left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 X is sitting at the lower left position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned below Y and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed at the bottom of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The objects L and P are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	right	1
1 P is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	left	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	left	1
1 H and V are next to each other with H on the left and V on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 D is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 M is on the right side to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 L is to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned below W and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 U and B are next to each other with B on the right and U on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	right	1
1 Y is to the bottom-right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 T is below E and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 N and A are side by side with N to the left and A to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	left	1
1 C is above K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	below	1
1 Y is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 C is at the lower side of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	above	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	above	1
1 L is placed in the right direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	right	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 F is lower left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Q is positioned below and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned in the lower right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Z and O are side by side with Z to the right and O to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Q is on the right side and top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 M is over there and A is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 O is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 E presents right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 F and E are next to each other with F on the top and E at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	below	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	below	1
1 G is on top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	below	1
1 Q and C are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object X is positioned directly above the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	below	1
1 J is over there and Y is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	left	1
1 V is above and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 O is below M at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 C is lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 E is sitting in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	right	1
1 P and H are next to each other with P on the top and H at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned in the lower left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the top-right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 N presents lower right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 R and S are vertical and R is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 Z is above and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L and E are side by side with E at the bottom and L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	below	1
1 X is sitting at the lower left position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The objects P and U are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 X is north east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 B and G are parallel, and B is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	below	1
1 K is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	above	1
1 W is positioned right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	right	1
1 H is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned above T and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 L is directly north west of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	right	1
1 R is diagonally left and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the left and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	right	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Y and N are vertical and Y is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	above	1
1 S is over there and M is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	above	1
1 I and Z are parallel, and I on the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	right	1
1 F and S are parallel, and F is over S.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	above	1
1 O is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	left	1
1 E is at D's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	right	1
1 G is above and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, X is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 R and M are side by side with R on the top and M at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	below	1
1 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	below	1
1 T is directly south west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the top-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 J presents lower left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 J presents over I.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	above	1
1 F is below P and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned above and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the bottom-right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the top side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	above	1
1 V is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	left	1
1 O and K are next to each other with K at the bottom O on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the upper left position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The objects Q and D are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 L is above and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 H and S are both there with the object S below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	above	1
1 N is above Z and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 A is on the left and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	left	1
1 H is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 B is placed in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	right	1
1 B and X are in a vertical line with X below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	below	1
1 S is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 O is positioned above and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 F is at W's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	above	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 N and T are side by side with T at the bottom and N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	above	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the lower side of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	above	1
1 S is below I at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally right and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Z is below W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	below	1
1 J is above T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	above	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed in the left direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	right	1
1 O and X are parallel, and O is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 W is positioned below V and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 V and F are both there with the object V is to the right of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	right	1
1 E is to the top right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting in the left direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 F is above A and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Y and U are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	left	1
1 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 J and B are horizontal and J is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	right	1
1 J is on the left side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 H is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 R is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 E and Y are next to each other with E on the left and Y on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 U is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	below	1
1 Q and N are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	right	1
1 F is on the left side and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 P is above and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the bottom-left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 R is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 L and W are side by side with W at the bottom and L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	below	1
1 A and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	right	1
1 G is to the bottom-left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned in the lower right corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the left of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	right	1
1 The objects E and T are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Q is below and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Y is positioned down and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 W and G are parallel, and G is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	below	1
1 Q is to the left of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	right	1
1 J is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 P is over there with E above.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	above	1
1 E is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 N is sitting at the lower left position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	left	1
1 P is positioned in the front right corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the right of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	left	1
1 U is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	above	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	above	1
1 B is on the left side of and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The objects Q and V are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	above	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 C is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	left	1
1 E is at the bottom and L is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	above	1
1 T is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Q is over there and I is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	above	1
1 C is at R's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	below	1
1 I presents left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	right	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	right	1
1 D is positioned left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	left	1
1 F is positioned below L and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally left and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 U and M are both there with the object U is to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	right	1
1 O presents below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	above	1
1 G is over there and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	left	1
1 W and A are both there with the object W above the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 F is directly below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	below	1
1 I is on the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the left side of and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 A and P are side by side with P at the bottom and A on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	below	1
1 Y is at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	below	1
1 J is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	right	1
1 Q is north west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 K is sitting at the upper left position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	above	1
1 W and A are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	right	1
1 U and J are next to each other with J on the right and U on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	right	1
1 Object C is above object T and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Z and X are vertical and Z is below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	below	1
1 F is directly above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	below	1
1 A and Q are side by side with A to the left and Q to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Z is positioned below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Q is on the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 B and L are side by side with B to the right and L to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	right	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 H is lower left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 O is at the bottom and N is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	above	1
1 P is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 A and J are parallel, and A is on top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	below	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 T is above A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned above O and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 F is over there with H below.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	below	1
1 Y is positioned below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	below	1
1 V is south west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object T and S are there. The object S is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 U and W are both there with the object U is to the left of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	right	1
1 N and U are parallel, and U is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	above	1
1 Y and V are both there with the object Y is to the left of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 V is placed at the bottom of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	below	1
1 O is diagonally right and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 W is sitting at the lower position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	below	1
1 L is sitting at the top position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 V is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 M and Q are both there with the object Q below the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	above	1
1 G is placed at the lower left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 M and I are next to each other with I on the right and M on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	right	1
1 D is over there and C is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	right	1
1 L is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned in the front right corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	right	1
1 S is placed at the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 C is over there with Y below.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object F is positioned directly below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	below	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 W and L are next to each other with L on the right and W on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	left	1
1 S is on the lower left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned up and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 H and M are next to each other with M on the right and H on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	left	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 A is lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 Y is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 T and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	right	1
1 M is below and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 S is above and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 R and T are horizontal and R is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 M and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	left	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 M is over there and Y is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	above	1
1 N is over there and L is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object J and E are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 N and F are next to each other with F on the right and N on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Q is above V and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	left	1
1 U is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	right	1
1 N is to the right of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	right	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I and E are horizontal and I is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	left	1
1 B is on the left side and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 V and W are next to each other with W on the right and V on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	left	1
1 C and T are parallel, and C on the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	left	1
1 M is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 F is above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object V and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned below J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the top position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	below	1
1 M is to the right of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	right	1
1 Object R is below object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the bottom left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 B is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 F is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of A vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	above	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 I is diagonally right and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 P presents over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	below	1
1 H is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	left	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 P is placed at the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Y and V are parallel, and Y is over V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 S is placed at the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	left	1
1 B and U are parallel, and U is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	above	1
1 L and P are horizontal and L is to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	right	1
1 X is on the right side and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed at the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E is at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	below	1
1 X is placed in the right direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 C is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the top and H is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	above	1
1 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 W is positioned in the lower left corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 D and K are both there with the object K below the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	above	1
1 K is diagonally right and above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 M is directly north east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	left	1
1 B is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 U is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the right side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	right	1
1 Y and E are parallel, and Y on the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	left	1
1 Q is directly south east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object V and E are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the bottom right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the top of Z vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	left	1
1 Q and O are vertical and Q is above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	above	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 C and M are parallel, and C is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	below	1
1 A and T are parallel, and A is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 G is over there with W below.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed at the lower right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 W is directly south west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned below K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 N presents lower left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 V is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 I and S are next to each other with S on the right and I on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	right	1
1 N presents right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	right	1
1 A is over there with W above.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	below	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 T is above D at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the top side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	below	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 M is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 T and Z are in a vertical line with Z below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	above	1
1 P is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	right	1
1 X and J are parallel, and X is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	right	1
1 Q is sitting in the left direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	left	1
1 M is above and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 P is at A's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	below	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned down and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there and G is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	above	1
1 L is at Y's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The objects D and J are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 F is above K and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, U is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 V and R are parallel, and V is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	left	1
1 I is on the right side and top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M is at the lower side of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	below	1
1 I is on the left and O is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	left	1
1 A and H are side by side with A to the right and H to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	left	1
1 W is on the top side to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	below	1
1 X is to the top right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 D is below C and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 A and Q are side by side with A to the left and Q to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	right	1
1 O is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	right	1
1 S is at K's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	above	1
1 Q and R are next to each other with Q on the left and R on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	right	1
1 V presents lower right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 J is north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 O is below H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	below	1
1 P and W are horizontal and P is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	right	1
1 L is diagonally right and above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 M and P are parallel, and M on the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	right	1
1 D is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	right	1
1 I is positioned below D and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	below	1
1 Y is south east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 C and T are in a vertical line with C on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	above	1
1 F is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the right and C is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	right	1
1 P is above J and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 J and X are vertical and J is above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the upper right position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the right and V is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 E is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 V and E are next to each other with V on the left and E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 I is below Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the bottom-right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	above	1
1 P is to the bottom right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	above	1
1 F and W are side by side with F on the top and W at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	above	1
1 Q is below T at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there and E is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 Q is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	left	1
1 C is to the bottom left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, X is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 W is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned in the top left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the right of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	left	1
1 J presents lower right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the top and H is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	above	1
1 T is diagonally left and above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 X and P are parallel, and P is below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	above	1
1 V is north east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 M is at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	above	1
1 X presents lower right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 F is above I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I and M are parallel, and I is over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	above	1
1 K is lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 X is upper right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	left	1
1 U is directly below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	below	1
1 T is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	above	1
1 F is placed at the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there with U below.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	below	1
1 Y and H are next to each other with Y on the top and H at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object V is positioned directly above the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	below	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Y is over there and N is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	above	1
1 I is to the bottom-left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V and A are side by side with V to the right and A to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	left	1
1 U is diagonally left and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 B is directly north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	left	1
1 X is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned up and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 G is directly south east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 C is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object A is positioned directly above the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	below	1
1 B is diagonally right and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	right	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned above and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 P is at Y's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	left	1
1 H presents lower right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there with F below.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	above	1
1 L and I are vertical and L is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	below	1
1 T is above R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	above	1
1 K presents upper left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Y is directly north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 W and E are next to each other with E on the right and W on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	left	1
1 S is to the bottom-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	above	1
1 F is diagonally left and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 G and D are in a vertical line with G on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	below	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	right	1
1 R and L are parallel, and R on the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	right	1
1 J is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	above	1
1 L is to the bottom-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 A is above Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	above	1
1 X is sitting at the lower right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	below	1
1 I is upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 K is below and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the right and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 T is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	below	1
1 E presents lower left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	right	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 L and M are side by side with M at the bottom and L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	above	1
1 W is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned above and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	below	1
1 A and I are both there with the object A above the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the upper left position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 X is on top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	below	1
1 B is diagonally left and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The objects C and S are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 I is placed at the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 F is over A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	below	1
1 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	left	1
1 V is positioned above X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 R is on the lower left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 V is placed at the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	left	1
1 S is positioned below and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 O is directly north east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 L and U are parallel, and U is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object C and B are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	below	1
1 H is over there and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	right	1
1 K is lower left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Y is directly south east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the left and Y is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	left	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object D is positioned directly below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	below	1
1 P is below G and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object M is positioned directly above the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	above	1
1 G is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 F is above P at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	above	1
1 The objects G and X are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 J is placed on the top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	below	1
1 Object S is below object E and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 R and D are horizontal and R is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	left	1
1 M is to the bottom right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 H is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 K is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	below	1
1 I and M are parallel, and I on the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	right	1
1 S is on the lower right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object A and Z are there. The object A is below and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 V is lower right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 G is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 L is diagonally right and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 J is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	above	1
1 B is at C's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	above	1
1 J is directly south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, D is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K is at Zs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	right	1
1 D is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	left	1
1 R is above L and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 X is placed in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	left	1
1 The object F and S are there. The object S is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the lower left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 D is over there and S is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	left	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	right	1
1 J and O are next to each other with O at the bottom J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 Y and C are parallel, and C is below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	above	1
1 C presents below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	above	1
1 P is on the right side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	right	1
1 F is placed in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 R is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	left	1
1 P is at the bottom of O vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	above	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned above T and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The objects D and B are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 U presents lower right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents lower right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and P is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	right	1
1 M is on top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 L is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 X and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	right	1
1 L is directly south west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 G is diagonally right and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object V and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	left	1
1 K is to the bottom right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Z is above and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L is directly south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Z is above A at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 M is at the bottom of H vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	above	1
1 P is to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 G is above N and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The objects H and X are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned above K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 L is below and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	left	1
1 L presents lower right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The objects A and E are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	left	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	right	1
1 M is north east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 C presents upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the top side to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	below	1
1 M and U are parallel, and M is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	below	1
1 Q is to the bottom right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The objects O and G are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	right	1
1 I is at the bottom of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	below	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 V is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 A is directly north west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	left	1
1 A is below B at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the right side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	right	1
1 T and M are parallel, and T is under M.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	below	1
1 U is to the bottom-right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting in the right direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	left	1
1 S is at the lower side of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	above	1
1 L is to the bottom left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	right	1
1 K is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Y is below S at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the left and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	right	1
1 L is above U and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at W's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	above	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the right side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	right	1
1 Y is positioned below and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 K and V are in a vertical line with V below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 P is diagonally left and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 S is above W at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 M is above L and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 C is placed at the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the left side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	left	1
1 I presents over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	below	1
1 T is over there and Z is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	right	1
1 N is placed at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object S and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 F presents left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	left	1
1 H is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	above	1
1 B is placed at the lower right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting at the lower left position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 F is diagonally right and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	below	1
1 F is to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and I is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	right	1
1 Q is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	right	1
1 Q is to the bottom left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 D is below T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the top right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	right	1
1 Z is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 C and E are next to each other with C on the left and E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	right	1
1 P is to the bottom right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	left	1
1 C and F are parallel, and C is under F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	above	1
1 L and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	below	1
1 I is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 J is over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	below	1
1 I is at A's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	above	1
1 P and T are next to each other with P on the top and T at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 C and E are side by side with C on the top and E at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	below	1
1 Z is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	above	1
1 P is positioned up and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 N and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	left	1
1 D is positioned in the front right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 B is under Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X is at the lower side of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	below	1
1 K presents left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	left	1
1 X is to the top-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the right of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	left	1
1 V is sitting in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	left	1
1 O is to the bottom-right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 J is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 P is to the top-left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M is over there and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	right	1
1 U is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	left	1
1 B is south east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 W and M are parallel, and W is over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 S is upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 D is upper right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 T and L are both there with the object L below the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	above	1
1 T is positioned right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 N and C are in a vertical line with N on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 G is to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned in the front right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	above	1
1 V is to the top right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Q and H are both there with the object Q is to the right of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	right	1
1 P is on the left side and above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the right side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	left	1
1 X is south west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 E is on the right and W is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	right	1
1 P is positioned below C and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 H and G are parallel, and H is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 J and O are parallel, and J on the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	left	1
1 L is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	right	1
1 R is positioned left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	left	1
1 The object R and J are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 J is directly north west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 G is below X at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	right	1
1 U and L are next to each other with U on the top and L at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	above	1
1 K is at the bottom and U is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 M is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 L presents lower right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Object Z is below object W and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 J is upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 G is over there and T is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	left	1
1 H is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 T is below S at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned up and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 T is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 K and W are parallel, and K on the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	left	1
1 W is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 L and T are parallel, and L is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	left	1
1 S is at the bottom of Z vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	above	1
1 U and B are both there with the object U is to the left of object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	right	1
1 Object V is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	right	1
1 E is directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	below	1
1 U is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 B and G are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	right	1
1 P is on the lower left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	above	1
1 L is on the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object L and N are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 K and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	right	1
1 H is on the top and X is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, C is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 K and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	right	1
1 P is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 G is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object L is positioned directly below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	below	1
1 U is to the bottom-right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Z and V are side by side with Z on the top and V at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	right	1
1 K is directly below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	below	1
1 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	below	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	above	1
1 F is north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Z is at Bs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	left	1
1 B is positioned up and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 E is placed at the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 S is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the lower right position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The objects G and L are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the top and A is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	above	1
1 G is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the bottom left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 L presents upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	above	1
1 M presents right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	right	1
1 J is diagonally left and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 K and H are parallel, and K is over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	above	1
1 W is over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	above	1
1 P is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 V is at K's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	below	1
1 E is directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	above	1
1 E is at the bottom and N is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the top position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	below	1
1 C is to the bottom right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 S and X are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	left	1
1 B is over there and T is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	above	1
1 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	below	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 F is diagonally right and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 T is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 W is above K at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 M is over there and D is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N and R are side by side with N to the left and R to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	right	1
1 M is placed at the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the left side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 D is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 X is directly north east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 N and W are both there with the object W below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	below	1
1 The objects J and K are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 U is over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 I is above Y at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 G is over there and Z is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 T and M are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	left	1
1 Q is below and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	above	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 U is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W and G are parallel, and W is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	left	1
1 F is positioned below X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 D is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 W is on the right and D is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	right	1
1 E is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 L is directly north east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 H is over W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	above	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 R is below W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	above	1
1 M presents right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	right	1
1 F is over there and E is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	right	1
1 K is positioned in the top left corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	below	1
1 V is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	right	1
1 M is diagonally right and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 S is under R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	above	1
1 V is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 A and Q are in a vertical line with A on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	below	1
1 X is over there and D is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	left	1
1 E is placed at the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 X is at the lower side of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	below	1
1 F is lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the right of T horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 W is over there with R above.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	above	1
1 G presents right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	right	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned down and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the lower left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 O is positioned left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	right	1
1 Q and I are parallel, and Q is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	right	1
1 N and A are parallel, and A is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	above	1
1 U and Z are both there with the object U is to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	right	1
1 O is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there and M is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 A is to the top of Q vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	above	1
1 A is below and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned above V and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 T is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Q presents below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	above	1
1 V is to the bottom left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 T is sitting at the upper left position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 D is below and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 F is above U at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Z is diagonally left and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object B and T are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the right of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	right	1
1 T is below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	right	1
1 X and M are parallel, and X is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	left	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned below T and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the top and C is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	above	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	above	1
1 P presents below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	below	1
1 R is placed on the top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 J is at T's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the lower left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	below	1
1 H is directly south east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	above	1
1 N is to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned in the top left corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	left	1
1 X is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the bottom of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	below	1
1 L and S are next to each other with S on the right and L on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	left	1
1 B and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 K is below and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	right	1
1 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 B is positioned below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	below	1
1 A presents upper right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned above and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 C is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	above	1
1 Q presents lower left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 M and G are both there with the object G below the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	above	1
1 D and G are both there with the object D is to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 D is below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 R is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	right	1
1 N is placed in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 P is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	left	1
1 I is over there with S above.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	below	1
1 N is placed at the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	left	1
1 Z is above and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 U is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the lower right position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 C is sitting at the lower position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	above	1
1 R is over there and F is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	above	1
1 C is over there with F below.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	below	1
1 F is sitting at the lower right position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 U is north west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the top side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	above	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	below	1
1 C is at G's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	right	1
1 H is upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Object B is above object M and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the top-right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the left side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	right	1
1 N is at B's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	above	1
1 S and M are side by side with S to the right and M to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	left	1
1 A is upper right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 W is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 B is directly north west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 A is over there and R is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	right	1
1 H presents over X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	above	1
1 P is positioned below I and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	left	1
1 F is above and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the lower right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 O is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D and A are parallel, and D is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	left	1
1 D is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	above	1
1 P presents right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Object O is below object T and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	below	1
1 B and V are side by side with B to the right and V to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned up and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 C is at J's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	below	1
1 K is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the top-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there and K is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	right	1
1 Z is below I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	above	1
1 C is on the lower left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 V is over there with C below.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	below	1
1 I and N are side by side with I to the right and N to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	left	1
1 Object I is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	left	1
1 U is placed at the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 R is positioned above and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P and M are next to each other with P on the left and M on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	right	1
1 C and L are both there with the object C above the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	above	1
1 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 O presents lower left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	above	1
1 J is on the right side and top of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 D and W are parallel, and D on the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	left	1
1 S is at the lower side of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	below	1
1 M is at H's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	above	1
1 I is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 E is at G's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	below	1
1 D is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	left	1
1 E is directly north west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 K and S are vertical and K is above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	above	1
1 E is directly north east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 E is above Z and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the left side and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 T and G are both there with the object T above the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	below	1
1 Object T is below object M and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Q is above U at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the left side of and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned above M and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 V is over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	above	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	left	1
1 T is placed at the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 E is placed at the lower left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the left and C is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	right	1
1 Y is sitting in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	right	1
1 E is lower left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 G presents upper left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K is over there and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	right	1
1 L is placed on the top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	below	1
1 W is above and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the right of G horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	left	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 A is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	right	1
1 C is directly south west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there with C above.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	above	1
1 Y is directly north east of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 O and I are next to each other with I on the right and O on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	right	1
1 S is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 K is below G at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 I and B are parallel, and I is on top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	above	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 S is directly south west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally above F to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	left	1
1 M and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	left	1
1 L presents upper left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the left side and above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 K is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	right	1
1 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Z is over there and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	left	1
1 Z is on top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	below	1
1 U is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 D and X are vertical and D is above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 W presents lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 V is above and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned down and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 A is diagonally left and above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	below	1
1 D is over O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	above	1
1 R is placed at the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 T and D are side by side with T on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	below	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the top and C is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	above	1
1 L is directly north east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 K is at the lower side of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	above	1
1 Q is over there and Y is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	below	1
1 S is over there and W is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	below	1
1 U is positioned above H and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 K and H are both there with the object H below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	above	1
1 D is directly above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	above	1
1 N is north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the left and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	left	1
1 O is sitting at the top position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 O is to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 V is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	left	1
1 H is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	right	1
1 Object G is below object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M and D are horizontal and M is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	left	1
1 W is positioned below and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 U is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 J is upper right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned above X and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the bottom left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 E and O are in a vertical line with E on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	below	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 C and Q are next to each other with C on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	above	1
1 P is over there and Y is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	below	1
1 L is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 C is lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	right	1
1 D and C are vertical and D is below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	below	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The objects H and G are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 G is placed in the left direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	above	1
1 X is placed on the top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	above	1
1 The objects C and N are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the bottom of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	right	1
1 B is above Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 N is on the right and G is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	right	1
1 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the right side and top of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 A is positioned above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	above	1
1 Y and T are side by side with T at the bottom and Y on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is lower left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned below O and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Q and B are in a vertical line with B below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	above	1
1 B is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	right	1
1 S is on the left and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	right	1
1 N is placed in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	right	1
1 T presents upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the bottom and S is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	below	1
1 A is to the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P is south west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 E and M are in a vertical line with M below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 V is above R and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the bottom-left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 S is above Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned above W and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the top right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 U and X are next to each other with X at the bottom U on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 Q and Z are both there with the object Q is to the right of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	left	1
1 H is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 R is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	below	1
1 F is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	above	1
1 C and F are parallel, and C on the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	left	1
1 X is below O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y is over there and A is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	above	1
1 W and V are both there with the object W is to the right of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	left	1
1 T is diagonally left and above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the right and W is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object X is positioned directly above the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 J is south west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 F and Q are both there with the object F is to the right of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 Object V is above object P and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	above	1
1 O presents upper left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 A is placed at the lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting at the top position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	below	1
1 A is to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object J is positioned directly above the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	below	1
1 C is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	right	1
1 L and Y are side by side with L to the right and Y to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	left	1
1 W is placed in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	left	1
1 T presents lower right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the right side and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 W and C are both there with the object W is to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	right	1
1 G is positioned below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 T presents lower left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the left of F horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	left	1
1 J and A are both there with the object J is to the right of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	right	1
1 C and H are parallel, and C on the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	right	1
1 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	below	1
1 Q is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 G is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object F and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	right	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 X presents lower left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 J is placed at the upper right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Object F is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 C is lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	left	1
1 D is over there and A is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	left	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	left	1
1 Y is to the left of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	right	1
1 W is below Q and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	right	1
1 F is below and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned below X and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the bottom-right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 X is south west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 A is below S at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 F is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	above	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	above	1
1 N is on the left side of and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned in the top left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 L is over there and V is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	above	1
1 B is positioned above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	below	1
1 T presents left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	right	1
1 I is to the left of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	right	1
1 X is placed at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	above	1
1 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	left	1
1 N is directly below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	below	1
1 E is to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	left	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 A is above F at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 M is above and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 B and G are parallel, and B on the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	left	1
1 F is over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 H is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 B is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 J and N are parallel, and J is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally right and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 H and Z are side by side with H to the left and Z to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object E and F are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 R presents below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	above	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 T presents below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	above	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 J is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 G and Q are parallel, and G on the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	left	1
1 C is to the right of Q horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 V is south east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 W is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the top side to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	above	1
1 T is directly south east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 D is over there with U below.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	above	1
1 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	left	1
1 J is directly north west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 R and B are parallel, and R is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	below	1
1 Z is directly south east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 C is under S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 U is over there and B is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	below	1
1 N is over there and J is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	below	1
1 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 O is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 R is above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 P is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 V is at the lower side of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	above	1
1 M is directly south east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	right	1
1 B is below and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the right of P horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	right	1
1 G is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 T presents lower right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Q and F are next to each other with F at the bottom Q on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	above	1
1 F is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	above	1
1 O is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 R is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 R is upper right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 V is below M at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 R and M are parallel, and R on the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	left	1
1 O is on the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 H is below and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 F and O are side by side with F on the top and O at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	above	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 R is below X and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the bottom of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	below	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly below the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	above	1
1 S is positioned in the front right corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the top position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	above	1
1 N is on the left side and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 R is below Z at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the top right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 U is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the upper right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the left side and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	right	1
1 Q is directly north east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 G is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	below	1
1 Y is positioned left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	right	1
1 I is above D at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 P and E are side by side with E at the bottom and P on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	above	1
1 K is over there and B is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	below	1
1 J is over there with E above.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object H and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Q and S are horizontal and Q is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Y is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 K is above W and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 I and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	left	1
1 F is on the left side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	right	1
1 Object R is below object T and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	below	1
1 H is above C at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 I and L are both there with the object I is to the left of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	left	1
1 P is on the right side and top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 G and O are parallel, and G is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 C is positioned down and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Z is north west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned below and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the lower left position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Q and M are in a vertical line with M below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 V is below L at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 N is below O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	above	1
1 R is over there with Y below.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	above	1
1 R is on the left side and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z and B are side by side with Z to the left and B to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Z is to the right of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	right	1
1 J is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	left	1
1 P is diagonally right and above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is positioned right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 K is placed at the bottom of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	above	1
1 Y is over there with Z above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 G is over there and Y is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 U is at C's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	right	1
1 X is positioned in the front right corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The object L is positioned directly below the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	above	1
1 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	left	1
1 V and M are side by side with V on the top and M at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 G is on the top and R is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	above	1
1 Z is to the right of F horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	right	1
1 X and H are next to each other with X on the left and H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object I and H are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the top right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 C is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	left	1
1 Q is over there and X is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	below	1
1 O presents upper right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 L is upper right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 E and O are next to each other with E on the left and O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	left	1
1 C is to the right of A horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	right	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 T and C are parallel, and T is under C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	above	1
1 F is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 C is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally left and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 X is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	right	1
1 I is to the top of G vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	left	1
1 V presents left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 M is at the bottom of E vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 K is above J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the bottom right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 D is south west of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 T is placed at the upper right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the bottom left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 E is above and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally left and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Y presents below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	below	1
1 U is on the left side of and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 F is above and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	right	1
1 R is on the lower left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 V is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the lower left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the left side of and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 H and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object S is positioned directly below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	below	1
1 B is to the top right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 S and A are side by side with S to the right and A to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	right	1
1 P is below and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the top and I is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	above	1
1 Z and V are in a vertical line with V below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 X presents upper right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 A and U are next to each other with U on the right and A on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	right	1
1 M is placed in the left direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 M is over there with N below.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	below	1
1 W and G are in a vertical line with G below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	below	1
1 V is positioned in the lower left corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	left	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 B is below V at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 R is directly above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	below	1
1 K is below and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the left and C is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 Y is above M at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 K is placed at the bottom of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	above	1
1 N and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object A is positioned directly above the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	below	1
1 B is below X and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 K is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	below	1
1 A is south east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower right position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	left	1
1 H and M are both there with the object M below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	right	1
1 U and K are next to each other with U on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object C is positioned directly above the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 Z is above O at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 W presents right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	left	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 X is north west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is positioned directly above the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 P is on the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q is placed at the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Z is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 P is at the lower side of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	above	1
1 C and I are vertical and C is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	below	1
1 K and G are parallel, and G is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object P is positioned directly below the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 D is above O and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The objects F and H are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the right side to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	left	1
1 U is under E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	below	1
1 P is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	left	1
1 U is north west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 E and T are horizontal and E is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object X is positioned directly above the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is north east of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 A is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 B and A are vertical and B is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	below	1
1 I and Z are horizontal and I is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	left	1
1 A and R are parallel, and A is on top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	below	1
1 I is placed in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower left position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the left side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 I is at the bottom of U vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	below	1
1 S is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	left	1
1 C is directly north east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	left	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the top position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	below	1
1 L is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	above	1
1 E is to the left of M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 D is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	below	1
1 J is positioned below and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The object O and L are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Object G is above object K and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 C presents lower left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	left	1
1 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	above	1
1 J is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	below	1
1 X is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Object W is below object C and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there and S is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	left	1
1 J is at the bottom of H vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	above	1
1 I is directly south west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Q and V are next to each other with V on the right and Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 V is diagonally right and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the right and V is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	left	1
1 Z is below M at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 E and S are in a vertical line with S below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 G is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 N and Q are parallel, and N is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	below	1
1 S is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the right side to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 C is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	left	1
1 A is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 O is positioned above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 S is north west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	below	1
1 U is directly below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 The objects S and R are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	above	1
1 R is over there and J is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	below	1
1 D is to the left of Y horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 H is on the left side and above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the lower left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there with S above.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	above	1
1 E is to the left of X horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	right	1
1 R and K are next to each other with R on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	below	1
1 W and Y are parallel, and W is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	above	1
1 Q is on top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W presents over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	above	1
1 C and A are side by side with C to the left and A to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	left	1
1 C is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 W is placed at the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 B is directly below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	below	1
1 J is over there and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	left	1
1 N is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	above	1
1 X is diagonally right and above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	left	1
1 G is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Q is at the bottom of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	below	1
1 S is positioned below W and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 F is above Y at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 The object B is positioned directly below the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	below	1
1 J is positioned down and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 B presents lower right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 F is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 X is directly south west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 J and Y are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	left	1
1 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	above	1
1 M is directly south west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Object B is above object R and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 O is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	above	1
1 Object P is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned below and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is at Vs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	right	1
1 B is sitting at the lower right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	below	1
1 W is above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	below	1
1 A is south west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Y and P are next to each other with Y on the left and P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	right	1
1 B is sitting at the lower right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the lower position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	below	1
1 B presents right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	right	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there and V is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	above	1
1 C is on the left side of and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K is upper right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Z is on the left and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	left	1
1 B is south west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 I presents lower right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	right	1
1 K is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is directly north east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 V is placed at the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 O is below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	above	1
1 N is sitting at the upper right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	right	1
1 L is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 V and M are parallel, and V is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	below	1
1 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	below	1
1 A presents left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 S is to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y is to the left of H horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	right	1
1 H presents left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 R is above V at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 D is positioned above V and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 O is sitting in the left direction of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	right	1
1 T is below V at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 T presents over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 F is above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	below	1
1 E and O are parallel, and E is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	right	1
1 E is positioned below and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the bottom left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting in the left direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	left	1
1 M is below and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Y is above Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the lower side of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	below	1
1 H is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is at Us 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	left	1
1 Y is placed at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	above	1
1 Y is south west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 T is above A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 I is above X and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	right	1
1 M is over there and D is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	above	1
1 P is on the right side and top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 B is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 W is at G's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 G is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 C is at the bottom of M vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	above	1
1 A is over there and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	left	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	above	1
1 R and Z are vertical and R is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 S and U are parallel, and S is over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	below	1
1 U is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the bottom of M vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	below	1
1 Z and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	left	1
1 A and S are parallel, and A on the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 N is at G's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	above	1
1 O is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 W and X are parallel, and W is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	above	1
1 P is on the left side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	right	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	left	1
1 K is directly south east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 O and G are in a vertical line with O on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y and M are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the right of V horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	right	1
1 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	right	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	right	1
1 P and K are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	left	1
1 N is positioned in the top left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	right	1
1 G is placed in the right direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	left	1
1 O is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Q is diagonally left and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	left	1
1 P is over X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	below	1
1 U presents below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 Z is placed at the bottom of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	above	1
1 D is above Y and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the top of N vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	above	1
1 K and M are next to each other with M on the right and K on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 R is above G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 J is over there and A is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	below	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 L is to the top-right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the bottom left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the left of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	left	1
1 W is on the right side and top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 K and F are both there with the object K is to the right of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	right	1
1 I is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	left	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at the bottom of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	above	1
1 N is over there and D is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	left	1
1 A is positioned above Z and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 S and K are both there with the object K below the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	above	1
1 S presents upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 G is south east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	right	1
1 E is at M's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 M is lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 U presents left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 K and I are parallel, and K is on top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object D is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object J is positioned directly above the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	below	1
1 Z and L are both there with the object L below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	below	1
1 E is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 D is placed at the bottom of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	below	1
1 W is to the top-right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 I is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 T is over there and U is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	right	1
1 O is placed at the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 M and D are side by side with M to the left and D to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	right	1
1 N and M are next to each other with N on the left and M on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	left	1
1 U presents right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	right	1
1 P is below N at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 V is directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	above	1
1 F and H are parallel, and F is under H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	above	1
1 V is over there and U is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	left	1
1 M is sitting at the lower left position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	above	1
1 The object E is positioned directly below the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	above	1
1 L and U are next to each other with L on the left and U on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	left	1
1 A is sitting at the lower left position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the lower position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	below	1
1 H is over there and X is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R and E are next to each other with E on the right and R on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	left	1
1 W is lower left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 P and Y are parallel, and P is on top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	above	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the right of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	right	1
1 G is upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 R is below W and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 J is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 M and X are both there with the object M above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	above	1
1 S is placed at the bottom of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 I is over there and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	right	1
1 H and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	above	1
1 M is on the left and O is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	left	1
1 A is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	left	1
1 K is to the top-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	left	1
1 M is south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 B is placed in the left direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	right	1
1 T is positioned below D and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	right	1
1 Object Y is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 U is below T at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Q is above G and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P is upper right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 S and X are parallel, and S is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	above	1
1 B presents left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	right	1
1 G is to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M and N are both there with the object N below the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	below	1
1 T and E are side by side with E at the bottom and T on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	below	1
1 J and G are both there with the object G below the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	above	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	below	1
1 T and U are parallel, and T on the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 Y is above and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the top right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 J is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at X's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	below	1
1 W is above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	above	1
1 J is to the bottom-right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 F and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom F on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	below	1
1 M is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Z is at the lower side of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	above	1
1 K is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 N is directly north west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 M is placed at the bottom of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	above	1
1 Q is above G and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 N is positioned above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	below	1
1 Z is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 P is sitting at the lower position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	above	1
1 H and E are vertical and H is above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	above	1
1 X is to the bottom-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 S is sitting at the lower position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	above	1
1 T and D are vertical and T is above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	below	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	below	1
1 A and S are both there with the object A is to the right of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	right	1
1 Z is above U and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 L and X are next to each other with X on the right and L on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	right	1
1 Object R is below object E and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	above	1
1 P is to the left of E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally right and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	right	1
1 Z is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	above	1
1 M is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object W and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed on the top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	above	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	above	1
1 X and T are vertical and X is above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object O is positioned directly below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	below	1
1 R is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 V is directly below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	above	1
1 L presents over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	below	1
1 L is diagonally right and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	right	1
1 S is diagonally left and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 E and Y are side by side with E on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	below	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Y is below F at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 T is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the left of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	left	1
1 U is positioned below and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Z and R are parallel, and R is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 J and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	right	1
1 S is over there and A is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	left	1
1 X is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the left side of and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 U and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom U on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	below	1
1 P is placed at the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned above L and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	above	1
1 K is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 The objects P and J are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 I and O are parallel, and O is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 N is over there and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	right	1
1 M is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	below	1
1 P is diagonally left and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 M is below and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 O is sitting in the left direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	left	1
1 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	below	1
1 F is placed in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 S is positioned right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	right	1
1 X and M are side by side with X on the top and M at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	above	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the bottom right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	left	1
1 R is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	above	1
1 J is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	right	1
1 P is over there with K above.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 H is over there and B is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	right	1
1 V is above and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 U is sitting at the lower right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	right	1
1 C is placed at the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 P and G are parallel, and P is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	right	1
1 B is positioned above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	above	1
1 I is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	left	1
1 M is to the left of O horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	right	1
1 D is on top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	below	1
1 L is to the left of F horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	left	1
1 V is to the right of K horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	right	1
1 M and P are parallel, and P is below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 A is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	below	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is below F and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 U and X are horizontal and U is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	left	1
1 M and I are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	right	1
1 I is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 T is over there and Z is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object G and M are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the top-left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 U and I are side by side with U to the right and I to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	left	1
1 X is directly north east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 A is placed at the bottom of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	above	1
1 P is over there and Q is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	above	1
1 T presents lower left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	left	1
1 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	below	1
1 J is over there with K above.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	below	1
1 N is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	above	1
1 T is directly north east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 O is below and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 H presents lower left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 U is directly above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	above	1
1 H is to the right of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	right	1
1 W and K are horizontal and W is to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	right	1
1 M is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	right	1
1 D is on the right side to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	right	1
1 I is positioned above and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Object P is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, K is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Q presents upper right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 D and A are next to each other with D on the left and A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	left	1
1 C is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the top and M is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	below	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 R and N are both there with the object R above the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	below	1
1 M is positioned above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 P is diagonally left and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is positioned directly above the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	above	1
1 M is on the left side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	left	1
1 G is positioned above A and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the upper left position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 P is at M's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	below	1
1 Q is on the right side and top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 X presents upper left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 A and W are both there with the object A above the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	below	1
1 J is positioned below and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	right	1
1 P is below Z at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned up and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The objects D and G are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 U is placed at the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the right side and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the left side to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	right	1
1 J is over there and F is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	below	1
1 Y is to the bottom right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there and Q is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	above	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	left	1
1 J is positioned up and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 H is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the left side and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z and W are parallel, and Z is over W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	below	1
1 S and N are parallel, and S is over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 L and W are in a vertical line with L on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	above	1
1 V and I are vertical and V is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 N is sitting at the upper left position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 F is sitting in the left direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	left	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the left side of and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 W and X are parallel, and W is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	left	1
1 R is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 H and S are next to each other with S on the right and H on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	right	1
1 X is under W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	above	1
1 Q is over there with H below.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Q is sitting in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Q is above B and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 V is at P's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	above	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 P is upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the top right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 X is at the bottom of S vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	above	1
1 V is on the top and M is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 D and T are side by side with D on the top and T at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	below	1
1 V is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 N is diagonally left and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 U is at the bottom and N is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	below	1
1 Z is sitting at the top position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	below	1
1 D is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q and H are both there with the object Q is to the right of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	left	1
1 V is on the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Y and D are parallel, and Y is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	left	1
1 A is above L at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The objects E and A are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 C is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 I is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 N is directly north west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned above K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Y is south west of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is positioned directly above the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 N is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	right	1
1 I is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 J is over there and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	left	1
1 R is over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	below	1
1 H is south west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 O and C are in a vertical line with C below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	above	1
1 T is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 A is on the lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	right	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	right	1
1 B is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 H and J are both there with the object H is to the left of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	right	1
1 R is upper right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting at the top position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	above	1
1 F is positioned up and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Y is positioned below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	below	1
1 G is to the top-left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 H and F are both there with the object H above the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	below	1
1 M and F are parallel, and M is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 N is below W at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 R and V are next to each other with R on the left and V on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	right	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 H is directly south west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 W is placed at the bottom of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	above	1
1 E and J are next to each other with J on the right and E on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	left	1
1 W is on the top of O and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	below	1
1 S is below and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 B is positioned in the front right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the right side and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the top-right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 N and G are both there with the object N is to the right of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	left	1
1 T is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	below	1
1 B is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is placed at the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 F is over there and N is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 M and P are horizontal and M is to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	left	1
1 L is below and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the left of A horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	right	1
1 H is under D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	above	1
1 D is positioned left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	left	1
1 R and Z are both there with the object R is to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	right	1
1 F is above and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned below and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z presents left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	left	1
1 G is positioned above and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 C is over there and J is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 H is at B's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 J is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	left	1
1 B is below X at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 S is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 E is placed at the bottom of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	above	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the lower left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 R presents upper left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 V is above and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the left of R horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 A is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	left	1
1 H is diagonally left and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned above X and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 O presents lower left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 D is south west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 K is over there and S is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 A is directly south west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally left and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	above	1
1 U is on the left and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	below	1
1 S presents upper left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E is to the bottom right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Z is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Z and O are horizontal and Z is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	left	1
1 F is placed at the lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Z is above and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I is south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 I and L are side by side with I on the top and L at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	below	1
1 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	right	1
1 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 Q is above L and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Q and Z are next to each other with Q on the left and Z on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Y is placed at the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 S and K are parallel, and S is on top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	above	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting in the right direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	right	1
1 N is below and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 K is south east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 B and F are vertical and B is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	below	1
1 W is diagonally left and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally left and above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 W is upper right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Object J is above object G and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 V is diagonally left and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Object M is below object S and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the right and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	right	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 W is over there with F above.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	above	1
1 P and T are parallel, and T is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	below	1
1 Y is placed at the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object H and L are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 D is diagonally left and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	left	1
1 J is placed on the top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	below	1
1 H is positioned right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	right	1
1 T is at Ns 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z and J are both there with the object Z is to the right of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	left	1
1 E presents upper left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 N is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	below	1
1 W is to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	right	1
1 X is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 F is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	left	1
1 N is to the bottom-left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 C and G are both there with the object C above the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	above	1
1 L is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y presents left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Z is over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	below	1
1 F is to the top right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the right and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	left	1
1 D and Z are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	left	1
1 T is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the right side and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 G is directly north east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Object H is above object F and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 I is over V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	below	1
1 F is diagonally left and above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 The objects N and I are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 K and W are side by side with K to the right and W to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	left	1
1 K and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	left	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	left	1
1 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	above	1
1 N is at K's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	above	1
1 X is positioned in the top left corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 L is lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	left	1
1 K is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 F is below J and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 E is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 O and W are next to each other with W at the bottom O on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	below	1
1 G is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 I and J are next to each other with J at the bottom I on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 R presents left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	left	1
1 Z is to the top of F vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	above	1
1 V is over there and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	left	1
1 K and C are parallel, and C is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	above	1
1 Object W is below object K and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the bottom right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	below	1
1 S is below M and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 N is on top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	below	1
1 W is on the left and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	right	1
1 Z is over there and X is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	above	1
1 K is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L and M are parallel, and L on the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	left	1
1 C is over there and N is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 S is positioned below V and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned above U and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 I is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	above	1
1 P is below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	above	1
1 Q and B are parallel, and Q is to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Z and F are next to each other with F at the bottom Z on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 P is there and F is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally right and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the bottom-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 H is over there and W is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	below	1
1 Z is on the right side to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Q is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	right	1
1 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	below	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	right	1
1 G is positioned below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	below	1
1 I is over there and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	below	1
1 Object H is above object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the lower left position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the right side and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 D and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	left	1
1 I is at the 6 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	below	1
1 D and K are both there with the object D is to the left of object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	right	1
1 W and E are parallel, and E is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	above	1
1 J is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 I is at the bottom of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 I is on the top side to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object H and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 F is over there and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 D is on the left side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	right	1
1 V is positioned above G and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is directly above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	right	1
1 S is under C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	below	1
1 L is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the bottom-left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned above T and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 J and H are parallel, and H is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	below	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q and F are side by side with Q to the right and F to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 K is on the right side and top of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The objects A and D are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 U is over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	below	1
1 N is positioned above L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 V is below Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 X is below N with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	below	1
1 N is positioned above D and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 C is sitting in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	right	1
1 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The objects I and W are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting at the upper left position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	left	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 M and D are parallel, and M is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	below	1
1 I is to the bottom left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Object D is below object T and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the top right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 N is at B's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	above	1
1 M is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object R and G are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 D presents upper right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	above	1
1 O is positioned up and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 H is below and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 P and U are parallel, and P is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 W is above L and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 D is diagonally left and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 X is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 V is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Q is below and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 O is directly north east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 G is below F and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 W and K are parallel, and W on the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	right	1
1 C is at Y's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	right	1
1 H is over there and L is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	right	1
1 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed on the top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 M presents upper left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned down and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	right	1
1 G is to the right of P horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	left	1
1 U is on the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 K is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	above	1
1 A is to the left of T horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	left	1
1 A is to the left of P horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 P is sitting at the upper right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 M is below Y at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there and Z is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	above	1
1 Z and U are horizontal and Z is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	right	1
1 J is above R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	above	1
1 Z is at the bottom and W is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned above and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The objects O and J are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting at the top position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	below	1
1 N is placed on the top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	above	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	right	1
1 R is at Ts 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 X and U are in a horizontal line with U on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	right	1
1 Z and D are next to each other with D on the right and Z on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	right	1
1 B is at the lower side of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	above	1
1 D is on the lower left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 C and Z are in a vertical line with C on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	above	1
1 D and K are vertical and D is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 L is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 B is to the bottom-left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Z and V are parallel, and Z is under V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	below	1
1 J is over there and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	right	1
1 D and Y are parallel, and D is over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	above	1
1 H is over there and L is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	below	1
1 H is below A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 A is upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the right side and top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 B and P are parallel, and B is on top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	above	1
1 A presents left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	right	1
1 R and H are both there with the object H below the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	below	1
1 P is above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	above	1
1 O is placed at the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the left and M is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 M and K are vertical and M is above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	below	1
1 X is at the bottom and M is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 X is directly south east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 H and X are parallel, and H on the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	left	1
1 Y is positioned in the front right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 E is below and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	left	1
1 R and D are parallel, and R is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	right	1
1 N is positioned above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	above	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	right	1
1 H presents upper right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 B is upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the top of R vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	below	1
1 W and N are both there with the object W is to the right of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 I is at H's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y and U are side by side with Y to the right and U to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	right	1
1 V is directly above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	above	1
1 Q is over there and F is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 T is at M's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	below	1
1 Y is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 M is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the right side and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 J is above Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	left	1
1 H is below Y and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	left	1
1 O is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	left	1
1 R is on the top and F is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	below	1
1 A is diagonally left and above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object D and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object F is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Y and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	right	1
1 C and J are parallel, and C is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 O is sitting at the upper right position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 U is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 K and N are parallel, and K is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	right	1
1 Y is over there and H is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	left	1
1 D is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 L is directly north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 P is north east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 I is north east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object B is positioned directly below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	below	1
1 G and S are both there with the object G is to the left of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	right	1
1 M is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	right	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 U is directly north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E and J are parallel, and E is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	above	1
1 B is above N and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting at the upper right position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 L is over there and S is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 The objects E and B are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the top side to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	above	1
1 L is over there and D is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	right	1
1 I is at the bottom of R vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the right side and top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 D and V are parallel, and D on the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	left	1
1 The object L is positioned directly below the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 J is above and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Z is over there and A is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	left	1
1 U is on the right and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	right	1
1 M and T are horizontal and M is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	left	1
1 X and M are next to each other with M at the bottom X on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q and A are next to each other with Q on the top and A at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	below	1
1 J and F are vertical and J is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 S is over there and F is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	left	1
1 S is below and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed at the bottom of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X and M are in a vertical line with X on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	below	1
1 O presents upper left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 M is over there and V is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 The objects A and O are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 E is below Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 I is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	left	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	above	1
1 O is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 H is placed at the upper right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 R and Y are parallel, and R is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	left	1
1 S is diagonally right and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q presents lower left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned above S and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 D and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	left	1
1 N and Y are parallel, and N is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 R is diagonally left and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 V is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	below	1
1 S is positioned left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	right	1
1 M is to the top-left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the bottom-right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 F is at B's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	below	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	above	1
1 X and D are horizontal and X is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	left	1
1 B and M are parallel, and M is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	above	1
1 O is sitting at the top position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	above	1
1 U and L are next to each other with U on the left and L on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 M is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 N and O are side by side with N on the top and O at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	below	1
1 S and J are both there with the object S is to the right of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	right	1
1 R is on the left side and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 H is placed at the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Y is below S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 V and A are next to each other with V on the left and A on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	left	1
1 B is lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Object F is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 W and F are vertical and W is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	below	1
1 I is on the left side and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 W is below Q at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 H presents upper right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the right side and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the lower left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 A is directly below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	right	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 M is over there and Y is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	left	1
1 V is positioned above H and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	left	1
1 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting in the left direction of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	left	1
1 Object L is below object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 V and H are parallel, and H is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	below	1
1 Object Y is above object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 K is on top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 L is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 M and Q are horizontal and M is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	left	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 S is below and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the right of M horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object X and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Q is placed in the left direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z is over there and K is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	right	1
1 A is at Ds 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the lower right position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 U and X are both there with the object U above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 U and F are vertical and U is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 P is at X's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 V presents upper right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 N is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Z is below and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 I is sitting in the right direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	left	1
1 The objects W and Q are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 D is upper right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 O and G are side by side with O on the top and G at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	below	1
1 G presents left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	right	1
1 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	above	1
1 I is on the left side and above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	right	1
1 K is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 C is at the bottom of T vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	above	1
1 B is placed at the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 S is placed at the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The object E is positioned directly above the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	above	1
1 R presents below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	below	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	above	1
1 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	right	1
1 W is above and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned above G and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 H presents below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	above	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Z and M are side by side with Z to the left and M to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	left	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K is over there and Y is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	below	1
1 C is positioned above T and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I is directly south west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 N is directly above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	above	1
1 M and B are in a vertical line with B below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	below	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 V is placed in the right direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	right	1
1 T is over there and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	left	1
1 Q and O are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	left	1
1 M and P are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	left	1
1 W is placed at the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned below Z and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 F is above and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 E and O are side by side with E to the right and O to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 I is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting at the lower left position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	left	1
1 S is south east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there and M is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	right	1
1 Q is north west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 L and B are next to each other with B on the right and L on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 N is sitting in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	right	1
1 F is on the left side of and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	left	1
1 S is to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 C and H are parallel, and C is under H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is placed at the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 B is below Q at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 G is directly above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	above	1
1 D is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 U presents lower right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Object C is above object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 T and O are both there with the object T above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	below	1
1 W is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	right	1
1 W is below N with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	above	1
1 D is below U and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 R is above and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 A and X are both there with the object A is to the left of object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	right	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	right	1
1 D is on the left side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	left	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the lower right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 W is over there and E is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	below	1
1 Q is positioned down and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 M is at U's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	below	1
1 T presents left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	left	1
1 J is placed at the lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed at the lower left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 J is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting at the lower position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	above	1
1 T is placed at the lower left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L is over there with B above.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 R is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 T is upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Y is on the top side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Z is to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	left	1
1 U is to the bottom-left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The objects X and Q are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 D and Z are vertical and D is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	above	1
1 M and E are next to each other with E at the bottom M on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 A is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	left	1
1 G is placed at the bottom of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 I is lower left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 P and I are parallel, and P is over I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	below	1
1 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	above	1
1 O and N are parallel, and O is on top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	below	1
1 P is above B and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 J is positioned below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 S is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 D is placed at the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 F is diagonally right and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	left	1
1 K is positioned in the front right corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 O is positioned right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	right	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting at the lower position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	below	1
1 N is above I at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 G and L are side by side with G on the top and L at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	below	1
1 M is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 V is on top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	above	1
1 M is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	below	1
1 O presents upper right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 The object V and R are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	below	1
1 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	right	1
1 O is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 G and K are next to each other with G on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	left	1
1 T is to the bottom-right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 U is placed in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	right	1
1 A and T are parallel, and A is on top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	below	1
1 H is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 L and P are side by side with P at the bottom and L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	below	1
1 D presents lower right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the bottom left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D and H are parallel, and H is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	above	1
1 B and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	left	1
1 U presents lower left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	left	1
1 Y is positioned above M and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	above	1
1 A presents right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	left	1
1 O presents lower left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	right	1
1 Z is positioned below and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Object I is below object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 I is placed at the lower left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 E presents upper left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	above	1
1 D presents below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	below	1
1 O is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	below	1
1 L is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 J is at Z's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	below	1
1 X is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 N is below and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 L and S are next to each other with L on the left and S on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	left	1
1 L is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	below	1
1 R is diagonally right and above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 W is below and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 D is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 O and M are next to each other with O on the left and M on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	left	1
1 G and M are both there with the object G is to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	right	1
1 S is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	above	1
1 F and K are both there with the object K below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	below	1
1 D and P are parallel, and D on the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	right	1
1 S is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally left and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the bottom-right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J and T are both there with the object T below the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	above	1
1 S and R are both there with the object S is to the left of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	above	1
1 R is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 G and S are next to each other with S at the bottom G on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	above	1
1 D is below and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Z is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Y is south east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	left	1
1 O is over there and F is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	below	1
1 F is over there and B is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	below	1
1 W is positioned right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	right	1
1 O presents below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	below	1
1 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	below	1
1 K is over there and Y is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 M is above Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The objects W and T are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 O is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	above	1
1 M is to the top of B vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	below	1
1 H is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the lower position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	below	1
1 G is at the bottom and L is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	below	1
1 D is diagonally right and above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K is positioned below Q and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W is over there and Y is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the lower position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	above	1
1 B is directly north west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 A is south east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned below and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 C is below R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L presents left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	right	1
1 U is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 U is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the right side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 E is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 C is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 X is placed at the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Object V is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the top-left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 V is diagonally left and below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 V is below G and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 S presents left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	left	1
1 J is positioned left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	left	1
1 Q is to the bottom left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 N and U are parallel, and N on the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	left	1
1 The objects I and M are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	above	1
1 B is above and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the left and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	right	1
1 Z and U are both there with the object U below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	below	1
1 J is over there and K is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	right	1
1 Z is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	right	1
1 R is lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 J is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	left	1
1 A and M are parallel, and A on the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	right	1
1 N is above Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	below	1
1 C is above P and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned below D and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 F and I are side by side with F on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	above	1
1 Z is above O at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E and V are vertical and E is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 D is on the top side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	right	1
1 X is positioned above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	below	1
1 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	above	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	right	1
1 R is placed at the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L is placed at the bottom of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	above	1
1 D is on the top and M is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 H is above and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Object J is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed at the lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 D and K are parallel, and D on the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	right	1
1 S is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 The object R and W are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 D is over X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	left	1
1 M is diagonally left and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned in the front right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	above	1
1 O is above and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 W is on top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	below	1
1 V is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	right	1
1 I is directly below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	above	1
1 B and J are both there with the object B is to the right of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object D and K are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 P is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 E is directly north west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	left	1
1 T is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y is positioned left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Object I is below object E and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 A and W are in a vertical line with A on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	above	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 I and M are side by side with M at the bottom and I on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	above	1
1 The objects D and A are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned in the top left corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The objects U and X are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 W is placed in the left direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	left	1
1 F is below U at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 V and I are parallel, and I is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	below	1
1 L and D are parallel, and L is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	left	1
1 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Z is lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the upper left position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 A is over there and Q is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	above	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W is placed at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	above	1
1 M is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the top right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	above	1
1 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	right	1
1 D is above P and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 P is placed at the bottom of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	above	1
1 C and I are both there with the object I below the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object B is positioned directly above the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	below	1
1 W is on the top side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	above	1
1 W is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	left	1
1 G is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	above	1
1 T is diagonally right and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 D presents upper left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 V presents lower left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object R and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the upper left position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J is directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally right and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 G is above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	above	1
1 T and F are parallel, and T is to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	left	1
1 M is on the lower left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object S is positioned directly above the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	below	1
1 A is below O and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 M and L are next to each other with M on the left and L on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	left	1
1 Z is under W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	below	1
1 Object K is above object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the right side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 O is to the top-right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 G and O are next to each other with G on the left and O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 A presents upper right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Object L is below object S and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The objects F and E are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 K is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 W is over S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the lower left position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 X is above P and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 C and W are side by side with C to the left and W to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	right	1
1 T is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	below	1
1 T is placed at the lower left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 B is at the bottom and O is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	below	1
1 B and N are horizontal and B is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	right	1
1 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	right	1
1 I is north east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 E and F are side by side with E on the top and F at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	below	1
1 S presents left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	left	1
1 I is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	below	1
1 I is over there and Y is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	right	1
1 C and N are parallel, and C is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	right	1
1 I is sitting at the upper left position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	left	1
1 J is at the bottom and T is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	right	1
1 O is positioned above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	above	1
1 X and P are parallel, and X on the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	right	1
1 S is over there and Q is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	right	1
1 O is over there and Z is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	above	1
1 J is over there with R below.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	below	1
1 F is on the top side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	above	1
1 A is lower left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	right	1
1 C is directly north west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 B is positioned below and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 A and R are parallel, and R is below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	below	1
1 J is over there and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	left	1
1 E is above R at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 R is diagonally left and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 T is south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 B is above and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	above	1
1 L is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	left	1
1 R is at Cs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	right	1
1 J and Z are parallel, and J is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Object B is below object W and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Y and T are in a vertical line with Y on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	below	1
1 U is to the bottom left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 U and L are parallel, and U is under L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	below	1
1 O is above and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 P is below U and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned above O and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 N is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	above	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 S is south west of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the top side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the 6:00 position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	above	1
1 V is on the left side and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 G is directly above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	below	1
1 H is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 M and R are parallel, and M is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	right	1
1 Z is positioned below J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 S and P are parallel, and S is to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	left	1
1 S is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	left	1
1 O is over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	below	1
1 E is on the right side and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the right and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	left	1
1 The object V and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the top-left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 E is above X at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Y is north west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 T is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 G is at Es 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	right	1
1 I is upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 P is over there and R is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	above	1
1 I is sitting at the upper right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	right	1
1 C is over there and X is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	above	1
1 M is on the top side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 X is above and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 W is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the left side of and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 D is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	below	1
1 I and R are in a vertical line with I on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	above	1
1 M is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	right	1
1 N and T are next to each other with N on the left and T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 B is positioned above M and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object X is positioned directly below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	above	1
1 Q is above S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 W is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 K is diagonally left and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 M is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the left side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	right	1
1 E is to the top-left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 W is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 G and Q are side by side with G to the left and Q to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 W is placed in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	left	1
1 Z and E are side by side with Z on the top and E at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	above	1
1 Z is on the right side to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Z is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 H is placed on the top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	below	1
1 Y is below and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and S on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower right position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the right side to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	right	1
1 O is over there and R is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	below	1
1 T is to the top-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Z and N are both there with the object Z is to the right of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	right	1
1 U is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	above	1
1 C is positioned below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	above	1
1 Z is directly south west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Z is sitting in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	right	1
1 S is above T at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 E is placed at the bottom of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the left side and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 O is at Y's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	below	1
1 V is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	below	1
1 Z is above and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 N is over I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	below	1
1 K is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q and C are parallel, and Q is over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	below	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 L is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	below	1
1 D is below and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the left side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	left	1
1 V is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 U is below and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 S and N are both there with the object S above the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	above	1
1 L is lower left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 H is placed at the lower left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 A and X are in a vertical line with A on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	below	1
1 V is positioned below M and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally left and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 E is below P and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 C presents right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	right	1
1 V is over there and J is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed at the bottom of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	below	1
1 D is above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 R presents upper right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The objects A and Y are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 K is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The object J and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	above	1
1 E and Q are both there with the object E is to the right of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	right	1
1 W and F are parallel, and W on the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	right	1
1 K is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	below	1
1 T is on the right side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the top position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	below	1
1 U and S are in a vertical line with U on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	below	1
1 H presents right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	left	1
1 R is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 W presents lower left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Object Z is below object E and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 I is over there and B is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	below	1
1 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	above	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 H is placed on the top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	below	1
1 D is positioned in the front right corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Z is directly above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Y presents lower left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 D is at the bottom of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	above	1
1 V is on the lower left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 F is above W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	above	1
1 H is on the top and R is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	above	1
1 E is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	left	1
1 B and G are parallel, and B is to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 I is placed in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	left	1
1 V and Q are side by side with V to the right and Q to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 M is over there and V is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	right	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 E is below U at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 P and Q are vertical and P is below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 V is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	right	1
1 F is below V at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	below	1
1 C is on the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	right	1
1 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	above	1
1 J is positioned in the front right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 D is above K at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 Q is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 U presents right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	right	1
1 R is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 G is to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	right	1
1 S is on the right side and top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 K is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 U is sitting at the lower right position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 X is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 S and E are side by side with E at the bottom and S on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 G is to the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the bottom-left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 The objects R and G are over there. The object R is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 G is placed in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	left	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 K is upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 L is directly above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	above	1
1 E is above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	below	1
1 G is placed at the lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the right side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	left	1
1 C is positioned above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	above	1
1 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	right	1
1 D presents upper left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 K is placed in the right direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	left	1
1 J is diagonally left and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the top side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	above	1
1 J presents lower left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 O is directly above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	above	1
1 K is on the right and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	right	1
1 K and F are next to each other with K on the left and F on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	left	1
1 P is south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	right	1
1 J is on the lower left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 C is below O and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 U is directly south west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 Y and B are parallel, and Y is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	left	1
1 K and L are both there with the object L below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	below	1
1 T and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 F is at J's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	above	1
1 U is directly south east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 S is lower left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object B and V are there. The object V is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 E and Y are next to each other with E on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	below	1
1 V is lower left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I is directly south east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 C is placed in the right direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	left	1
1 V and Y are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object V and Q are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 U is sitting at the upper right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the right side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 S is positioned above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	above	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	above	1
1 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 K and V are side by side with K to the right and V to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	right	1
1 Y and F are both there with the object Y is to the left of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	left	1
1 J is at Gs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	right	1
1 J is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 U is above K at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 E is over there and H is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 D is on the left side and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 J is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 M and V are next to each other with M on the left and V on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	left	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 L presents over F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	below	1
1 D is above Y at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Y is below B at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the left side of and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the top-left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 N is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the left side of and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 C is over there and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	right	1
1 V is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally left and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the right of P horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	left	1
1 M is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	below	1
1 S is to the upper left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 M and H are next to each other with M on the left and H on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object V and R are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower left position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 H is on top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 G is on the right side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	left	1
1 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	right	1
1 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 V is at the bottom of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	below	1
1 E is placed on the top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	below	1
1 K is placed at the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 H presents left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object I and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	above	1
1 F and Q are parallel, and F is on top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	below	1
1 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	below	1
1 T is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	left	1
1 U and J are side by side with U to the left and J to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	left	1
1 S is over there and T is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	left	1
1 The objects F and N are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 S and J are parallel, and S on the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 D is placed at the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 R is below E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	above	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there with H below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	above	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The object B and O are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Z is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I is over there and V is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	above	1
1 P and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 J is diagonally left and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The objects O and M are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 B and W are parallel, and B is over W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	above	1
1 H is positioned up and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	below	1
1 J and A are side by side with A at the bottom and J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	below	1
1 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	below	1
1 P is under K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 S is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 H and C are next to each other with C at the bottom H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	above	1
1 R is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 J and S are next to each other with S at the bottom J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	above	1
1 A is diagonally below F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Y is positioned above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 I and W are vertical and I is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	below	1
1 B is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 T and V are next to each other with V at the bottom T on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 P and I are side by side with P to the left and I to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	right	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 Object A is below object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 O and I are vertical and O is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	below	1
1 B is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 M is diagonally right and above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	right	1
1 W is placed at the bottom of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	above	1
1 K is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 A and H are in a vertical line with A on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 V is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	right	1
1 M is sitting at the upper right position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the top side to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 J is positioned above T and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object D is positioned directly below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	below	1
1 D and T are vertical and D is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	above	1
1 F is at the lower side of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	above	1
1 O is on the left side of and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 T is over there with U below.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is below T and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned below G and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 N is lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 T is on the right and Y is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	left	1
1 E and S are both there with the object S below the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 F is on the top and I is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object I and P are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	right	1
1 P is to the bottom-left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 J is over there and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	left	1
1 T is south west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 R is over there and U is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	left	1
1 S is sitting in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	left	1
1 W presents upper right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	right	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the right side and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 N and S are vertical and N is above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	below	1
1 R is over there and U is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	above	1
1 D is at C's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	below	1
1 K is placed on the top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	below	1
1 The objects T and B are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 G is on top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	above	1
1 F is below E and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 A and E are side by side with A to the left and E to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 I presents below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	below	1
1 E presents right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	left	1
1 L is sitting at the upper left position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 P is south west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Y and X are side by side with X at the bottom and Y on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	above	1
1 Z and J are both there with the object J below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	above	1
1 M is at the bottom of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	above	1
1 Z presents over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	below	1
1 A and R are next to each other with A on the left and R on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	left	1
1 Z is on the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Z and H are both there with the object Z is to the left of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object D and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	left	1
1 V is over there and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	left	1
1 T is sitting at the upper left position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 E is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	below	1
1 R is sitting at the lower position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	below	1
1 H is above and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the right and M is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	right	1
1 O is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	above	1
1 Z is at Is 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	right	1
1 I and S are next to each other with I on the left and S on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	right	1
1 F is diagonally left and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 W is over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	below	1
1 W presents lower right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 E is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 E is lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 H and S are side by side with H on the top and S at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	above	1
1 G is on the left side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	left	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting in the left direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	right	1
1 E is at the bottom and F is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	above	1
1 E is to the top of U vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	above	1
1 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 A and X are parallel, and A is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 L is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	above	1
1 C is upper right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 J is directly north west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 H and S are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	right	1
1 I is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 K and Z are both there with the object Z below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	below	1
1 Z is on top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	below	1
1 E is above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	above	1
1 I is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 M is on the right side and top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	left	1
1 Z and F are both there with the object Z is to the right of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	left	1
1 K is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	above	1
1 B is upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 G presents left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 K and Z are parallel, and K is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	right	1
1 R is on top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	below	1
1 Y is to the top of T vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 T is below Q at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 S is directly north west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 P is below and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	left	1
1 I is below N and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 M and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	left	1
1 O is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	left	1
1 E is over there with O below.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	above	1
1 W is placed at the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting at the top position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	below	1
1 I is above Y at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	below	1
1 U is placed at the upper right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 H and K are both there with the object H above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	below	1
1 K and P are next to each other with K on the left and P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	left	1
1 O is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed on the top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The objects W and K are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 H presents upper right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	right	1
1 N presents upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	left	1
1 Z is on top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	above	1
1 L is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the lower side of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 J is below and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the upper right position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	left	1
1 U and G are vertical and U is above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	above	1
1 B and H are both there with the object H below the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	above	1
1 C is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 K is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Y is north east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned below and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 A is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 G is at S's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	above	1
1 M is placed in the left direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	left	1
1 B is on the left side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Q is positioned up and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 N is at the bottom of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	below	1
1 E is positioned down and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the upper right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 G is at D's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	above	1
1 D and F are parallel, and D on the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	left	1
1 E and S are next to each other with E on the top and S at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 N is directly below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	below	1
1 E is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 E and U are in a vertical line with E on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	above	1
1 Z is below S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	right	1
1 V and O are both there with the object V is to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	above	1
1 J is positioned left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	left	1
1 I is above K and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	right	1
1 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned in the front right corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 S is placed at the bottom of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 H is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 G and Q are both there with the object G above the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is over there and E is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object C and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 W is below B and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 R is over there and W is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	left	1
1 B is over there and E is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	right	1
1 G presents upper left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned above and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 L is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	above	1
1 K and V are parallel, and V is below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 Z is over there and Q is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	left	1
1 B is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	below	1
1 L is directly north west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the left side of and below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 L is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	below	1
1 D and B are horizontal and D is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	right	1
1 X and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and X on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	above	1
1 T is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	right	1
1 I is to the bottom-left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Object M is below object X and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the bottom-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the top side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	above	1
1 The object S and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there with Y above.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 D is below and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 M is at the bottom of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	above	1
1 H is placed at the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the top side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	above	1
1 P is at the bottom and D is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	below	1
1 U is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	below	1
1 B is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	below	1
1 L is at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 T is placed at the bottom of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	below	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 J is positioned in the top left corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	right	1
1 E is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned below and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 P is above A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	above	1
1 F is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	below	1
1 H is lower right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally left and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 M is positioned right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	right	1
1 T is on the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the bottom of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	below	1
1 I is north east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 O is below B at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 B is below H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	below	1
1 J and M are parallel, and J is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	left	1
1 Q is over there and I is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	below	1
1 D is sitting at the top position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	below	1
1 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	right	1
1 I is on the left side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	right	1
1 C is over there and L is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	above	1
1 C and V are parallel, and C is over V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	below	1
1 K is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 E presents below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the top side to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	below	1
1 A is directly north east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 B is above Y at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 H is lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the bottom right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 V and M are in a vertical line with M below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	below	1
1 V is to the right of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	left	1
1 P is above and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 V is at the bottom and H is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	above	1
1 U is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 T is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Z is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Z is over there with V below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 C is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The object J and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	left	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object J and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 O is placed in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	left	1
1 G and E are parallel, and G on the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	right	1
1 N is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there and R is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	above	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	right	1
1 V is placed at the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 I is north west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 V is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 X is above Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 X is directly below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	above	1
1 L is over O.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 W presents left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	left	1
1 Z and S are parallel, and Z on the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	right	1
1 O is south east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the bottom-right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 T presents left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	right	1
1 M is to the bottom-right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The objects F and X are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 S is placed in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object L is positioned directly above the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	below	1
1 S is south east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 H is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 P and B are next to each other with B on the right and P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	left	1
1 X and G are in a vertical line with G below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 P and N are side by side with P to the right and N to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	left	1
1 S is on the right side and top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the top side to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	above	1
1 A is at S's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	left	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	left	1
1 P is on top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	below	1
1 A is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 G and D are side by side with G to the left and D to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object A is positioned directly above the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	above	1
1 O is upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 X is positioned below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	below	1
1 W is at the bottom of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	below	1
1 Q is directly north west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the top-right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 T and N are parallel, and T is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	right	1
1 K is at the lower side of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	below	1
1 D is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	right	1
1 A is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A and X are parallel, and A is over X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	below	1
1 The object V is positioned directly below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	below	1
1 N is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	right	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	right	1
1 D and U are parallel, and D is under U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	below	1
1 T presents left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	right	1
1 P is to the right of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	right	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 The objects O and A are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally right and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	right	1
1 U is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 G is diagonally left and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the bottom left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower left position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object H and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there and I is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 V is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	right	1
1 S is positioned in the top left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 D and X are horizontal and D is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	left	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 C is at G's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	below	1
1 Y presents left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	left	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 G and I are parallel, and G on the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	right	1
1 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	right	1
1 The objects K and O are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 H is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 G is upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the right of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	right	1
1 Object X is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 R is directly south west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 C is upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 K is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 D and P are next to each other with D on the left and P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	left	1
1 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	above	1
1 T is over there and U is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	right	1
1 V is to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned below A and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 J and F are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 D is north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 G and Z are parallel, and G is under Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	below	1
1 S is to the bottom-left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 C presents lower left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Q is south west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 W and G are both there with the object W is to the right of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	right	1
1 K is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	above	1
1 A and R are horizontal and A is to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	left	1
1 J is at Y's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	right	1
1 D is on the left and K is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	left	1
1 Z is to the bottom right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object D and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 R is over there and S is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Object G is below object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the lower left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 O is at the bottom of N vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	below	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 C is at V's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	above	1
1 Object O is below object P and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 R presents left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	right	1
1 L is on top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	above	1
1 Z is over there and P is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	above	1
1 A is on the left side and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L and G are in a vertical line with G below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	above	1
1 X is placed at the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 J is at F's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 R is on the top side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there with A below.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	above	1
1 A and W are next to each other with W at the bottom A on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	below	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 W is above and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned below and to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 F is positioned right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	left	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	below	1
1 Y is placed at the upper right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	above	1
1 R is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	left	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned above T and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 G is over there and C is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	above	1
1 L and Q are next to each other with L on the left and Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	left	1
1 R and E are side by side with R to the left and E to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	right	1
1 Object O is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 D is below T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	below	1
1 G presents left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	left	1
1 H and B are side by side with B at the bottom and H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	above	1
1 N is on the right side and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 N is below and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned above V and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 E is lower right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 T is diagonally right and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 X is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the left side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	right	1
1 L is over there and E is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	above	1
1 L is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally right and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 T is placed at the lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 T and A are parallel, and A is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	below	1
1 D is sitting at the top position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	below	1
1 S is below X and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 I is above and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 E is below L at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J and B are parallel, and J on the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	right	1
1 I is positioned above and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 K presents left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	left	1
1 C is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	right	1
1 L is diagonally right and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 A is over there and G is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 W is over there with G above.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	above	1
1 U is positioned in the top left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 H is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is upper right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 K and X are side by side with X at the bottom and K on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	above	1
1 U is positioned up and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 O is placed in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	left	1
1 G and I are parallel, and G is under I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	above	1
1 A is on the right side and below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 G is over there and H is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	below	1
1 V is lower left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	below	1
1 E is to the bottom-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the bottom-left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 F is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	left	1
1 L is directly south east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned above and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally left and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 T is at Os 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 Y and A are parallel, and Y on the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	right	1
1 X is directly south east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 N is lower left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The objects M and K are over there. The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 R and K are side by side with K at the bottom and R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	above	1
1 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object B is positioned directly above the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	above	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Y is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned down and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is below object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 T is directly south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object N is positioned directly below the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	above	1
1 I is south west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 I is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 G and X are in a vertical line with X below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	below	1
1 E is below and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the top-left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Y is above X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	below	1
1 T is to the right of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	right	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	below	1
1 A is positioned up and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 O presents left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	right	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object Q and D are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is sitting at the lower left position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 P is above W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	above	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	left	1
1 D is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	below	1
1 E is over there and L is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	below	1
1 C is to the top-right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 N presents lower left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 G is directly north east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 C is on top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	above	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	above	1
1 U is on the left side of and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	right	1
1 G and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	right	1
1 Object M is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 T and P are next to each other with P on the right and T on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	left	1
1 G is over there and U is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	right	1
1 T is at the bottom of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object L and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	above	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 J is above D at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned up and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 U is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	above	1
1 D is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting at the top position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	below	1
1 T is on top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	below	1
1 P is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 D is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	above	1
1 Y is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 D is over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is on the right side and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 I is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 B and Q are vertical and B is above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	below	1
1 B is to the top right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the bottom left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	below	1
1 H is placed at the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	below	1
1 A is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	right	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	above	1
1 W and H are vertical and W is below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	below	1
1 D is sitting at the upper left position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	left	1
1 E is on the left and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	right	1
1 X and M are next to each other with M on the right and X on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 U is upper right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 M is below R at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	below	1
1 C is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over there and V is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	right	1
1 B is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the upper right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 G is above Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is on the top side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	above	1
1 X presents lower right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 T presents below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	below	1
1 N and P are next to each other with N on the left and P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	left	1
1 C is over there and E is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	right	1
1 C is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 V and D are next to each other with V on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	above	1
1 H is diagonally below F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 C is diagonally left and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the top of T vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 C is on the right side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	left	1
1 O is upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 F is below O at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed at the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 T is directly south east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the left side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	right	1
1 O is lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	left	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 K and U are both there with the object U below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	right	1
1 Q is above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 W is directly above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	above	1
1 A is below and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 T is directly north west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned in the front right corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 V and X are parallel, and X is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	below	1
1 L is above X and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	above	1
1 H is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 J is placed at the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 D is over there and C is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	right	1
1 H and W are in a vertical line with W below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	above	1
1 V is placed in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	right	1
1 G is to the top-left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object K is positioned directly above the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is below G and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the top right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 X is above and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 B and X are side by side with B to the left and X to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	left	1
1 R presents lower left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 Q and C are both there with the object Q is to the right of object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 P is on the left side and above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object I and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper left position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the top side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 D is over there with O above.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	above	1
1 F is at the bottom and L is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	above	1
1 C is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the right side and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 W is upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned below and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 R is positioned up and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 W is directly below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	above	1
1 A is to the top-left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 A is below and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Q is above N at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	above	1
1 W is over there and J is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	left	1
1 Y and D are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	left	1
1 N is on the right and C is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	above	1
1 G is placed at the lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the bottom left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	left	1
1 C is positioned below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	below	1
1 M and L are both there with the object M is to the left of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	right	1
1 D is placed on the top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	below	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Y and A are side by side with Y to the right and A to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 V and H are parallel, and V is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	below	1
1 E is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	left	1
1 X is on the top and S is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	below	1
1 H is on the right side and top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed at the bottom of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	above	1
1 X and R are parallel, and X is under R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	below	1
1 T is to the right of G horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	right	1
1 W is placed at the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 N is over there with Z below.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	above	1
1 A is upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Y is above and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 K and Z are both there with the object K is to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	right	1
1 S is directly above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	below	1
1 N is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	left	1
1 M is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	right	1
1 W is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	left	1
1 T is on the left side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	right	1
1 The objects S and H are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the left and B is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	left	1
1 The objects M and W are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The objects R and J are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned up and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 E is above F at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 A is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the bottom and S is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	above	1
1 W and U are next to each other with W on the top and U at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	above	1
1 X is above M and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object Q is positioned directly above the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	above	1
1 D is positioned left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	right	1
1 L is at the bottom of G vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	above	1
1 The objects W and F are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the right of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	left	1
1 Z is lower right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	left	1
1 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	above	1
1 C is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	left	1
1 X presents right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally left and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Z is placed at the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 O is directly south west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 R is above and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 E is above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	above	1
1 T is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	left	1
1 Q is upper right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the top-right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	right	1
1 L is to the bottom-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned above and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 C is above and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	above	1
1 E presents left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	left	1
1 V is positioned above and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 R and D are next to each other with R on the top and D at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	below	1
1 Object E is below object T and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 W is on top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	below	1
1 O is above and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	below	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the left side and above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned below W and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 P is over there and M is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	above	1
1 G is placed in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 The object G is positioned directly above the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 V presents upper left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the top right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	right	1
1 R is to the top-right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 B presents lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 E and C are vertical and E is above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	above	1
1 D is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S and P are parallel, and S is over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	above	1
1 W is at A's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 J is placed at the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at the lower side of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	below	1
1 Z and L are both there with the object L below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	above	1
1 Object J is above object X and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 K presents right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 W is over there and E is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	right	1
1 V is at Js 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	right	1
1 T presents lower left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 C is directly above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	above	1
1 P is over there with C above.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	above	1
1 E is placed at the bottom of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	above	1
1 R is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 M is directly north west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	right	1
1 T is south west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 P and D are vertical and P is above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	below	1
1 A and L are next to each other with L at the bottom A on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	above	1
1 F is over there with B below.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	above	1
1 C is south east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The object B and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 N presents upper right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 S is above and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the top side to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 The objects V and S are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 A is directly north east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned below Q and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, C is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the lower left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R and X are side by side with X at the bottom and R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	above	1
1 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	right	1
1 B is positioned above L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N presents lower left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 U and K are in a vertical line with K below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	right	1
1 W is to the top right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 W and N are both there with the object N below the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	above	1
1 Y and B are in a vertical line with B below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	above	1
1 S is positioned in the front right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the top side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	below	1
1 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	left	1
1 U and R are both there with the object U above the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	below	1
1 K is positioned up and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there and E is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 P is on top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	below	1
1 E is on the right side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	right	1
1 H is positioned right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 Y is above C at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	right	1
1 K is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	above	1
1 Q is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	above	1
1 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	right	1
1 A is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	left	1
1 D is on the right side and top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 D is over there and O is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	left	1
1 O is below T at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the lower position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	below	1
1 N and Q are parallel, and N is under Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	below	1
1 A is over there and G is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	right	1
1 O is at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	above	1
1 I is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 C is below M and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 V and J are horizontal and V is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	left	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and P is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	left	1
1 A is upper right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 I presents right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	left	1
1 P presents upper right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	right	1
1 H is below and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 J is positioned below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	below	1
1 Z is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 E is above and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 G is over there and L is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	right	1
1 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	above	1
1 R and L are parallel, and L is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting at the lower position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	above	1
1 H is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	left	1
1 W is upper right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the top and A is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	above	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	below	1
1 V is over there and Z is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 T is over there with W below.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 F is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 W presents upper right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	left	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 B is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 L is below and to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 The object P and U are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the bottom-right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 T is over there and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	left	1
1 M presents lower right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 D and V are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	left	1
1 I is positioned above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	above	1
1 L is positioned below B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	right	1
1 Z is over there and S is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	right	1
1 R is upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 X is above and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 G is over there with U below.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	above	1
1 P and Q are side by side with P on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	below	1
1 A and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	left	1
1 F is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 M is below and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 J and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and J on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	below	1
1 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	above	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 N and F are parallel, and N is under F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	below	1
1 Y is on the right and W is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	left	1
1 V is at H's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	left	1
1 D is placed at the bottom of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	below	1
1 G presents right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	right	1
1 X is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	right	1
1 I is to the bottom-right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	right	1
1 The object Z and I are there. The object Z is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the left side of and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 X is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	left	1
1 A is on the left side and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 U is at the bottom of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 Q is below and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned above and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally below O to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 S is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 W is under K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	above	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the lower left position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 R presents upper right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 H is placed in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	right	1
1 S and P are both there with the object S above the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	below	1
1 V is upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 A is directly above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	above	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	left	1
1 F is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 S is at Y's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	left	1
1 R and E are vertical and R is above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	above	1
1 S and I are both there with the object S is to the left of object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	left	1
1 F is positioned above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	above	1
1 W and S are parallel, and W is on top of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	above	1
1 W and A are next to each other with A on the right and W on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	left	1
1 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 P is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	left	1
1 P is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	right	1
1 Q is below C and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 Z is above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 G is placed at the upper right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 N is sitting at the lower position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 E and F are vertical and E is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	below	1
1 Y is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	left	1
1 I is at the bottom and N is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	above	1
1 I is positioned in the top left corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 J is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 T presents upper right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the left side of and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 L and H are horizontal and L is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 A is directly south west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 C is positioned down and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object W and Z are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 N is diagonally left and above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	below	1
1 W is diagonally right and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 U presents upper left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 F is diagonally left and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the right of L horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	left	1
1 T presents right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	left	1
1 V is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 R is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	right	1
1 B is diagonally left and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	left	1
1 R is above K at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The objects S and Z are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 D is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the top-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is below object T and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the right and F is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	left	1
1 K and Y are in a vertical line with K on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 O is over there and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	right	1
1 M is diagonally right and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 I is above and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 X presents right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	right	1
1 M is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	right	1
1 H and I are side by side with H to the left and I to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	right	1
1 K is on the top and G is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	left	1
1 A is placed at the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 M is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	right	1
1 G is directly south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned above V and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 J presents lower left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 W is placed at the bottom of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	below	1
1 B is on the right side and top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there and T is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	left	1
1 G is above and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K is above N at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	right	1
1 P is upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting at the lower position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	below	1
1 U is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 C is above O and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there and C is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	right	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	right	1
1 T is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	right	1
1 P and I are both there with the object P above the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	below	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 R and G are parallel, and R is under G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	above	1
1 K is sitting at the upper right position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 W is lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 K is sitting in the left direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	left	1
1 H is directly south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	right	1
1 S is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	right	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 T is below and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 N and S are parallel, and N on the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	right	1
1 F is over there and X is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	left	1
1 W is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 L and H are side by side with L to the left and H to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 H is below V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 T is lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 C presents left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	left	1
1 C is at the lower side of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	above	1
1 Z is to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 D is under Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M is diagonally left and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Object J is above object I and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 W is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	left	1
1 E is over there and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	right	1
1 K is below B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	above	1
1 E is over there and J is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	right	1
1 V is on the left side of and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 K presents left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	left	1
1 G and N are in a vertical line with G on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	above	1
1 O is placed at the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S is at the bottom of O vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 R is upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Q presents upper left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Y and K are side by side with Y to the right and K to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	right	1
1 C is to the right of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	left	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the top and O is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	above	1
1 D is over there and X is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	left	1
1 M is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	above	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	right	1
1 N is directly south west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	left	1
1 H and S are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	right	1
1 J is to the bottom-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 A is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Z is directly south west of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 U is upper right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Q is below and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y is directly below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	above	1
1 N is on the top and L is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	above	1
1 L is on the lower left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	above	1
1 T and W are horizontal and T is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	right	1
1 U is there and X is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	left	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	right	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 P is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	below	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the bottom-left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 V and K are parallel, and V is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	left	1
1 Q and B are side by side with Q on the top and B at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	above	1
1 T is above and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M is above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	above	1
1 S presents lower left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 G is above M and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the left and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	left	1
1 A is positioned right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 K is on the lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 D is above P at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 T presents below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	above	1
1 K is south west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 V is on top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 H is upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	left	1
1 J is positioned below E and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 P and Q are next to each other with P on the left and Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower right position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 A and J are both there with the object J below the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	below	1
1 Object O is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 U is at the bottom and K is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	above	1
1 A is below and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 X is lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 H is above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	above	1
1 V is above and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 P is on the right and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	left	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 B is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 M is below F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	above	1
1 Z is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Z is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 K is sitting in the left direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 C and R are both there with the object R below the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	above	1
1 S is upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is placed at the lower left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 E is below F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	below	1
1 G and B are both there with the object G is to the right of object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	left	1
1 T and G are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 B presents lower left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	above	1
1 A is positioned above and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 I is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	right	1
1 A presents upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 B is north west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at X's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	left	1
1 F is diagonally right and below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 P is under O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	above	1
1 V is at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	above	1
1 H and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	right	1
1 I is sitting at the lower position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	below	1
1 C is positioned right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 I is on the top of O and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 S is sitting at the upper left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the bottom and F is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	below	1
1 F is over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	left	1
1 D is above and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 E is at the bottom and W is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	below	1
1 Z is at the bottom of M vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	below	1
1 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Y is directly north east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the bottom right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 M and I are side by side with M to the left and I to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	left	1
1 A and P are in a vertical line with A on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	above	1
1 T is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 U is at the bottom of R vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	below	1
1 M presents over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally left and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 E is over there with V below.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	below	1
1 Y is placed in the right direction of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	left	1
1 P presents right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	right	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	below	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Q is over there and Y is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	left	1
1 S is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 W and M are both there with the object W is to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	left	1
1 T is upper right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 E and O are parallel, and E is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	left	1
1 N is diagonally left and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 M is on top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	above	1
1 Z and H are parallel, and Z on the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	left	1
1 N is above I at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 X is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 S and B are horizontal and S is to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	right	1
1 V and S are parallel, and V on the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	right	1
1 L is positioned below M and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H presents right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	right	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	right	1
1 G and O are vertical and G is above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	above	1
1 J is on the lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 O is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	below	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	right	1
1 T and G are both there with the object G below the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	below	1
1 I is above E at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 E is at the lower side of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	above	1
1 D presents left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 B and G are next to each other with G on the right and B on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	left	1
1 The objects E and K are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 M and P are parallel, and M is to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	left	1
1 O is over there and K is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 I is diagonally right and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the top right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Y and V are parallel, and Y is under V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	above	1
1 W is to the right of S horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	right	1
1 J and M are both there with the object J is to the right of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	left	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the bottom-left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the lower left position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 S is below U and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 E is above C at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the left side and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 P is below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally left and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 B and S are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	right	1
1 E is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	left	1
1 M is sitting at the lower right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 F is upper right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 S is lower left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there and T is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 C is to the bottom-right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 X is diagonally left and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object Q and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 G is directly north east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	right	1
1 L is positioned in the lower right corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 F is over there with P below.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	below	1
1 Y presents upper left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	right	1
1 Y is below Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 J presents left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 B and S are both there with the object B is to the left of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	right	1
1 A is upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 U is placed in the left direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	left	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally left and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	above	1
1 J is to the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 R is at the bottom and X is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	below	1
1 J is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Object J is below object F and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 E is directly north east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 F is at the bottom and D is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	below	1
1 F is sitting at the upper right position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 E and G are vertical and E is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	above	1
1 B is positioned above and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and A is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	left	1
1 N is positioned down and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 D is below S and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M is upper right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 J is at Z's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	left	1
1 I is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	right	1
1 O and M are both there with the object O above the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	above	1
1 Q and E are next to each other with Q on the top and E at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	above	1
1 K is below V and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 K is lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the top and T is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	below	1
1 F is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 L is at the bottom of R vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	above	1
1 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	left	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 W is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 X is over there and N is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	left	1
1 V is positioned below E and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	above	1
1 E is above and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 T is directly north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 G is sitting at the top position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	below	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, U is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 P is over there and N is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 F is placed on the top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	below	1
1 P is to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the bottom-left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 U is positioned above and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and L is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	above	1
1 M is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 N and H are parallel, and N is on top of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	below	1
1 A is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the left and M is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	right	1
1 J is directly above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	below	1
1 P is positioned above B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the right side and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	left	1
1 E is over there with P below.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	above	1
1 T is diagonally left and above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 T is at Is 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	left	1
1 A is diagonally left and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 S is over there and N is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	left	1
1 I is below Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	below	1
1 U is on top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	below	1
1 U is placed at the lower left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	above	1
1 W is lower left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 S and F are in a vertical line with F below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	below	1
1 T presents below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 M is on top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	below	1
1 E is over there and M is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	right	1
1 J is above V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	above	1
1 U is on the right and I is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	left	1
1 F is upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	right	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L is over there and N is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	above	1
1 J and V are parallel, and J is under V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	below	1
1 U is positioned in the top left corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 X and N are parallel, and X on the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	left	1
1 Y is over there with X above.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 X is on the top side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the lower position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	above	1
1 B is above U and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 D and T are next to each other with D on the left and T on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	right	1
1 T and M are parallel, and T is over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	above	1
1 Y is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	above	1
1 A is lower left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 M is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the right side to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	right	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, C is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 M is above R and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Z is placed at the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	left	1
1 P is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 V is over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	above	1
1 H is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Q is positioned right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 S is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	right	1
1 Z is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	below	1
1 E is positioned above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	below	1
1 X is to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed at the lower left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 L is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	above	1
1 L is above and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	above	1
1 C is on the right side and top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	below	1
1 G is over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	below	1
1 K is below and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 B and P are side by side with B to the left and P to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	left	1
1 T is positioned above L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 J is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 X presents left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 C and Y are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 U is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	left	1
1 R and U are parallel, and R is over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	below	1
1 B is to the right of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	right	1
1 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 N is below B and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at B's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	above	1
1 Q is above M at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 O is diagonally right and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 M is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 P is above C at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 V is above S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 C is below H at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 G and K are parallel, and G is on top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 R and D are parallel, and R is on top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	above	1
1 M is below F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	above	1
1 Z and B are both there with the object B below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	below	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	left	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	left	1
1 W and T are vertical and W is above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	below	1
1 A is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the bottom-right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Object U is below object X and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 M is over there and N is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	above	1
1 O is at Ys 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 P is above and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the bottom-left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 N and B are both there with the object N above the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 B presents lower right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 B is placed in the left direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	right	1
1 M is on the right side and top of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned in the front right corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Y is directly above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	above	1
1 W is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 N is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 J is lower left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W is below J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	above	1
1 C is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	right	1
1 D is below L and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	right	1
1 Q is positioned left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	right	1
1 A and S are parallel, and A is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	right	1
1 H is over there and Q is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	left	1
1 S is to the top-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 D is upper right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 E presents over R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	above	1
1 R is on the lower right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	right	1
1 P is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 E is over there and G is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is on the right and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	right	1
1 P is over there and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned down and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R is below C at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 I is at the bottom of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	below	1
1 T is on the lower left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	left	1
1 J is positioned below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	above	1
1 H is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	above	1
1 M is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 K is sitting at the lower left position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Object Y is below object J and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 L is above and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the top-right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 G presents left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	right	1
1 S and P are both there with the object S is to the right of object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	left	1
1 D and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	right	1
1 P is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	right	1
1 R presents below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	above	1
1 N is at Ds 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	right	1
1 Y is below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 A and I are parallel, and A is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	right	1
1 K is over there and O is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 J and F are next to each other with J on the left and F on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	right	1
1 K is sitting at the lower left position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there and Q is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	below	1
1 F and U are next to each other with F on the top and U at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	above	1
1 H is sitting in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 L is to the right of Q horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Z is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the bottom left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 K is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 J is sitting at the top position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	above	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	right	1
1 N is over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	below	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 Z is over C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	below	1
1 E is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the top right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 J is on top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	below	1
1 V is placed at the lower left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally left and above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 B is diagonally right and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 V is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the top and M is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	above	1
1 K is at L's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	above	1
1 V and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	left	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 J is at the bottom of B vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	below	1
1 R and W are both there with the object R is to the right of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	left	1
1 A is positioned below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	above	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 X is directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	above	1
1 U and A are parallel, and U on the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	left	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 T is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 R is at O's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	right	1
1 M is diagonally below U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 F is diagonally right and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 A is directly south east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 H is at Ns 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 W is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	left	1
1 M is below C at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 B is directly south east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned in the top left corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed at the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object N and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the top position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 G is over there with M below.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	above	1
1 D is on the left side and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	left	1
1 O is sitting at the upper right position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 K is directly south east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned below S and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 K is below Z and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 C presents upper right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 C is below O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 M is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	below	1
1 P is to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	right	1
1 X presents left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	right	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Y and S are vertical and Y is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	above	1
1 W is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	right	1
1 D is on the right side and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	above	1
1 T is on the left side and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	above	1
1 T presents lower left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned in the top left corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the top-right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the left side of and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	left	1
1 R is on the left and A is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	right	1
1 S is on the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 R is below V and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned down and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 W presents upper left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 R is over there and A is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object U is positioned directly above the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	above	1
1 U is placed at the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	left	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Object N is below object C and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 L and G are vertical and L is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	above	1
1 X is positioned left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 H and E are next to each other with H on the left and E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	right	1
1 E presents lower right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 W is at the bottom and D is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	below	1
1 A is diagonally below K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 T is directly below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	above	1
1 O and N are in a vertical line with N below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	above	1
1 M is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	left	1
1 The objects L and G are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object I is positioned directly above the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	above	1
1 G presents lower right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	right	1
1 T and E are parallel, and T on the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	left	1
1 E is on the top side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	below	1
1 C is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned up and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there with R below.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	below	1
1 K and T are both there with the object K above the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	above	1
1 Z is upper right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 K is north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the bottom and T is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	below	1
1 M is over there and D is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 M is placed in the left direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	below	1
1 R is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	left	1
1 R and B are parallel, and R is on top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	below	1
1 Y is placed in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 I and Q are next to each other with I on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 H is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 N is above and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 H presents lower right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the left of Y horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 R is sitting in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	left	1
1 A is to the left of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	left	1
1 Y is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	left	1
1 L is to the top right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the right side and top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 C is placed at the lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H is below O and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 J and D are horizontal and J is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	right	1
1 F presents below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 X is diagonally right and above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned above T and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Object Z is above object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 J is over there and C is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 F is above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	below	1
1 H is at W's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	above	1
1 S is at the bottom of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	below	1
1 Object K is above object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Z is below B and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 H is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	right	1
1 Y is to the right of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	right	1
1 U is positioned above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	above	1
1 N and V are horizontal and N is to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	right	1
1 Q and P are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	left	1
1 Y is over there and U is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	right	1
1 C and E are side by side with E at the bottom and C on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the bottom-right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	left	1
1 Y is on the right side to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 O is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	above	1
1 J is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	right	1
1 W is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 I and C are side by side with I to the right and C to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 N and K are parallel, and N is over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	above	1
1 P is on the left side and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	left	1
1 O and H are parallel, and H is below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	above	1
1 S is positioned above X and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned down and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	right	1
1 N is to the top-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 F is placed at the lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned above G and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 M is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	left	1
1 S is positioned above J and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	left	1
1 S and B are horizontal and S is to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	left	1
1 A is on the lower left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 U is over there with C below.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	above	1
1 U is diagonally left and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 C and N are parallel, and C is under N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 N is on top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	left	1
1 R and D are both there with the object R above the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object P is positioned directly below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	below	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the top-right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 I is over there and G is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the left of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 P is south east of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 U and L are parallel, and U is over L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	below	1
1 Q is at D's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	below	1
1 R and X are parallel, and R is under X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	above	1
1 Q is below I at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 W and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom W on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	below	1
1 J is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 G and M are next to each other with M on the right and G on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	left	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally right and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned below W and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 G is over Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	below	1
1 Q is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The objects T and N are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 G is placed in the right direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	left	1
1 P is to the top-left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S and D are parallel, and S is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 S is on the left side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	left	1
1 Q is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 A presents lower left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 P is at V's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	below	1
1 R is below I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 X is to the top-right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over there with M above.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	above	1
1 J presents right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	left	1
1 T and W are parallel, and T is on top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	above	1
1 D is placed in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	left	1
1 H and M are side by side with H on the top and M at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	below	1
1 S is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 O is above and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 F is over there and W is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object B and G are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the right side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	left	1
1 S presents left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 M is over there and A is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	right	1
1 E is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned below M and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 S is at Q's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	left	1
1 E is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	right	1
1 D is on the left side of and below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 R presents lower left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 O and Q are horizontal and O is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	left	1
1 A is positioned in the front right corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	left	1
1 D presents right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 J presents upper left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	left	1
1 F is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 M is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	below	1
1 J is above Y and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned up and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 O is over there and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	left	1
1 M and K are parallel, and M is under K.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	below	1
1 H is on the lower left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the left side and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 F is directly south east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned above N and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Q is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 V and T are parallel, and V is over T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	below	1
1 H and X are next to each other with H on the left and X on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	right	1
1 B is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Z is over there and G is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 I and L are parallel, and I is over L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	below	1
1 P is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	below	1
1 S and G are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	right	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	above	1
1 H is positioned below J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 M and J are vertical and M is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	below	1
1 T is below and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 G is positioned in the front right corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there and K is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 K and C are side by side with C at the bottom and K on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	below	1
1 A is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 B is diagonally right and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally right and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 X and I are both there with the object X above the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	above	1
1 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	left	1
1 C is directly north east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 J presents lower left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	left	1
1 L is below S at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 S is sitting at the lower left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the top right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Z is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	below	1
1 M and Z are vertical and M is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 C is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	left	1
1 P is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object P is positioned directly above the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the lower left position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	below	1
1 F is below W at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the upper right position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 P is on the right side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	right	1
1 I is positioned down and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	left	1
1 U is at O's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	above	1
1 V is below B at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	below	1
1 Object G is above object C and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 V is over there with C above.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	above	1
1 Z and G are vertical and Z is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	below	1
1 I is sitting at the top position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	above	1
1 Object Y is above object T and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 X is upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	above	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Object M is above object K and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the lower position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	above	1
1 O is positioned below B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 K is below I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	below	1
1 Z is placed in the left direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	left	1
1 F is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Y and K are in a vertical line with K below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	below	1
1 J is on the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T is at Ws 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	right	1
1 M is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 A is placed at the lower right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned in the lower right corner of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 T is at Es 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	left	1
1 O is sitting in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	right	1
1 G is positioned below D and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I presents left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	left	1
1 V presents lower left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	above	1
1 G is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	left	1
1 C is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	left	1
1 P is upper right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	right	1
1 A is over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	above	1
1 W is over there and J is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	right	1
1 X and A are horizontal and X is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	left	1
1 T and I are parallel, and I is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	above	1
1 M is south west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally left and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there and X is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	left	1
1 Object N is below object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 I and H are side by side with I to the right and H to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	left	1
1 N is placed at the bottom of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	above	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 L is at I's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	above	1
1 K is at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 U is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Object I is above object J and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the right side and top of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 L is above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q is positioned left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	right	1
1 L and W are parallel, and W is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	above	1
1 X is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	above	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 L is at Ms 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	left	1
1 H and B are horizontal and H is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	left	1
1 R is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	left	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object J is positioned directly above the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 G is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 U is placed at the lower right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the right of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	right	1
1 S is over there with V above.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	below	1
1 X is at the bottom and N is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	below	1
1 U is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	left	1
1 H is placed at the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 W is at G's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	below	1
1 P is directly south east of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 H is above U at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 C is directly below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	below	1
1 W presents over Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 N presents lower right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 T is placed at the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	above	1
1 N is on the right side and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 B and E are both there with the object E below the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	below	1
1 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 B is below T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 R is on the lower left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the right side and below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 H and P are in a vertical line with H on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 J is above M and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the lower right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the right side and top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 V is on top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	below	1
1 B is on the right and A is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	left	1
1 R and F are parallel, and R on the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	left	1
1 T is at the lower side of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	below	1
1 V is on the left side and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the upper left position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 X is lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 S and D are parallel, and S is over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	below	1
1 R is below and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	below	1
1 C is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 G is above O at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	left	1
1 Y is on the left and O is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Object L is above object G and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the upper left position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	above	1
1 H is positioned right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	left	1
1 Q is on the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 E and S are parallel, and E is on top of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 M is placed at the lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 A is below W at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 K is directly north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the bottom left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally left and above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	left	1
1 L is positioned right to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	left	1
1 L and R are both there with the object R below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	below	1
1 U is directly north east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 T is lower left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L and S are side by side with S at the bottom and L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	below	1
1 D is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 T is above O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	below	1
1 V is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 V and U are horizontal and V is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	left	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 A is north west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 X and D are vertical and X is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 N is to the top of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	below	1
1 R and H are next to each other with H at the bottom R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	above	1
1 C and J are parallel, and C on the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 I is to the right of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	left	1
1 V is on the lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there with K above.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	below	1
1 Y presents lower left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 F and P are next to each other with P on the right and F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 D and J are both there with the object D above the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	above	1
1 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 E is directly below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	below	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the top side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	above	1
1 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	left	1
1 S and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	left	1
1 C is sitting in the left direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 E is to the upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 X and Z are parallel, and X on the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	right	1
1 X is on the upper right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 X presents lower right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	below	1
1 W is below and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the right of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	left	1
1 L and Z are parallel, and Z is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	below	1
1 Z is over J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Q and W are both there with the object Q is to the right of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	left	1
1 H is above E and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	below	1
1 Q is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	left	1
1 K and L are side by side with L at the bottom and K on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	below	1
1 G is above and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 H presents below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	below	1
1 B is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	above	1
1 J is over S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	below	1
1 L is below Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	right	1
1 X is on the lower left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	left	1
1 K and X are vertical and K is above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 D presents right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting in the left direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	right	1
1 E is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	left	1
1 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	left	1
1 X and Z are side by side with X to the right and Z to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	left	1
1 The object Y and K are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 H is at the lower side of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	right	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the lower left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the right of L horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object A and N are there. The object A is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 L is above U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	below	1
1 Z is positioned above V and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 B is at X's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	below	1
1 U is at the bottom of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	below	1
1 L is sitting at the lower left position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Y is above T and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	above	1
1 V is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 H is at the bottom of M vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	above	1
1 R is placed in the right direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	left	1
1 I and R are both there with the object I above the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 C and Z are side by side with C on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 Z is to the right of A horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 D presents lower left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed at the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the left side of and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the right of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	left	1
1 V and W are both there with the object V is to the right of object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	right	1
1 T and V are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 C is positioned above and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The objects A and S are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is at Q's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	below	1
1 Y is on the left and X is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The objects Z and Y are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 D presents over W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	above	1
1 C is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	left	1
1 T is placed on the top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 F is at T's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled W.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	right	1
1 S is positioned down and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the top and A is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	above	1
1 W is on the right side to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Z is positioned above N and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 X and Z are side by side with X on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	below	1
1 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The object K is positioned directly above the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	below	1
1 Object M is below object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	below	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the top right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 I is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 E is north west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	right	1
1 S is over there with H above.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	below	1
1 O is sitting at the lower position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	above	1
1 S is directly north west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 I is upper right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 G is upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	right	1
1 T is placed in the left direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	left	1
1 A is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	left	1
1 H and L are vertical and H is above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	above	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object F is positioned directly above the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	left	1
1 T is at the bottom of H vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	below	1
1 H and S are side by side with H to the right and S to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	right	1
1 T is to the top right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 F is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 H and T are next to each other with T at the bottom H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	below	1
1 F and K are both there with the object F above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	above	1
1 D is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the top of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	above	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the right side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	right	1
1 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 W is over there and P is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 C is diagonally left and above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I and J are parallel, and I is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	right	1
1 J is at Ys 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	right	1
1 A and C are side by side with A on the top and C at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	above	1
1 G and T are parallel, and G on the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	left	1
1 J is positioned below A and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Y is directly north west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	right	1
1 P is diagonally left and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	below	1
1 P is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	below	1
1 D is above L and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 C is on the left side and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 X is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 F presents over T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	below	1
1 U and N are vertical and U is above N.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	above	1
1 L is on the lower left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 F is south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 M is above and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	right	1
1 F and Y are vertical and F is above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	below	1
1 L is sitting at the upper right position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	below	1
1 S is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	left	1
1 J is on the right and Y is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Y is at N's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	below	1
1 C is to the bottom right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	below	1
1 K is directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 R is under D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object N and J are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally right and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 T and O are parallel, and T is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	left	1
1 R is over Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	above	1
1 N is positioned above U and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 W and A are next to each other with W on the top and A at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	below	1
1 K and M are next to each other with K on the top and M at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	above	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 O and W are side by side with W at the bottom and O on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	below	1
1 K is placed at the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 V is directly north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned above K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	below	1
1 K is to the left of F horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	right	1
1 R and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 J is over there and R is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	below	1
1 Z is at the bottom and M is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	below	1
1 X and K are both there with the object X above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	above	1
1 W is positioned below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	above	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 W is below and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned below D and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	above	1
1 D presents over Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E is diagonally left and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 I is upper right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed at the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 X is above M and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The objects I and N are over there. The object I is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 L is below D at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 L is over there and Y is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 M is to the top right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 U is south west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there with P below.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 R presents left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	right	1
1 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	right	1
1 A presents left to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	left	1
1 F and K are both there with the object K below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	above	1
1 C and O are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	left	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 I and R are both there with the object I is to the left of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	right	1
1 B is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	left	1
1 T is on the left side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	left	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the top right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, A is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned above U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object S and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 W is over there and H is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	left	1
1 J is positioned in the top left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	above	1
1 J is below C and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the lower side of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 T and O are both there with the object T is to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 R and T are vertical and R is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	below	1
1 Q is positioned left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	left	1
1 Object A is above object P and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 X and Z are in a vertical line with X on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	above	1
1 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	below	1
1 A is on the right side and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 V is directly below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object P is positioned above and to the left of object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Object Z is below object L and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 A is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 B and T are side by side with B to the left and T to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	left	1
1 B is directly north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the bottom of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	below	1
1 O is positioned in the top left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the top and X is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	above	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 M is above I at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 R is above J at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Object T is below object W and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 M and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	right	1
1 K is sitting at the lower position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	below	1
1 H is placed on the top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	below	1
1 Z is above and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting at the lower left position to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 C is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the top of E vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	above	1
1 H is positioned left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	right	1
1 F is over there and A is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	below	1
1 S is at the bottom and K is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	above	1
1 X is over there and D is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	above	1
1 J is on top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	below	1
1 F is on the left side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 K and Y are both there with the object K above the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 F is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	right	1
1 S is there and O is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 I presents upper right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 J is diagonally right and above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T is directly north west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the top of H vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	above	1
1 P is directly south east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 R and U are both there with the object R is to the left of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	left	1
1 I is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	right	1
1 C is above K at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object I and V are there. The object V is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 C is above L and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Object K is above object L and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 R is over there and K is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	right	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	right	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	above	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	below	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	right	1
1 R and N are vertical and R is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	above	1
1 E is to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 F is below V at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 D is on the lower left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting at the lower left position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 K and X are parallel, and K is on top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 U presents right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the bottom of U vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	above	1
1 F is directly south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned above and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 X is directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 N presents lower left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the left and D is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	right	1
1 X is on the top and M is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	right	1
1 A is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	right	1
1 X is below and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 V and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom V on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	above	1
1 I is placed in the left direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	right	1
1 Q is placed at the bottom of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	above	1
1 X is above and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 W is south east of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned down and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 V is below and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V is placed at the lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 H is placed at the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	right	1
1 J presents upper left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	right	1
1 D presents left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	right	1
1 M is on the lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Q and U are both there with the object Q is to the right of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 T and Q are horizontal and T is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	left	1
1 J is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 U is at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	below	1
1 X is positioned below I and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 I is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 H is positioned right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 W is directly north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 U is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned above C and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 O is below G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	above	1
1 Object A is above object J and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 E is placed at the bottom of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	above	1
1 F is at Is 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is south west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	below	1
1 N is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 G is over there and R is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	left	1
1 S is positioned in the top left corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 G is directly north west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 C is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	below	1
1 J is positioned above R and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 W is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Q and G are horizontal and Q is to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	right	1
1 I is on the upper right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 M is placed in the left direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	left	1
1 Object Y is above object H and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 A is directly below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is at the bottom of Z vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	above	1
1 Q and Z are next to each other with Q on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 E is directly south east of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 B is north west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 T is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L is above and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 B and O are next to each other with O on the right and B on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	right	1
1 C is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	right	1
1 X is placed at the bottom of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	below	1
1 X is to the top-right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 K is above Y and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	above	1
1 G and V are vertical and G is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	below	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	above	1
1 I is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 H and C are next to each other with C at the bottom H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	above	1
1 A is at Ss 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	right	1
1 H is at Ks 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	left	1
1 O and T are parallel, and O is over T.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	above	1
1 O is over there and R is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 D is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 I presents lower right to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the lower right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	left	1
1 H is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally above B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 A is south east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned above C and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Y and O are both there with the object Y is to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	left	1
1 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	left	1
1 P and C are parallel, and P is to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	left	1
1 Z is on the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 M presents upper left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 J is positioned below U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 T and M are parallel, and T is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the upper right position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	right	1
1 X is over there and C is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	below	1
1 R is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 W is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 D is at Y's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	right	1
1 W is above and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 S is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Y and P are both there with the object P below the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	above	1
1 N is directly south west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	right	1
1 G and V are parallel, and G on the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 R is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	below	1
1 R is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 The objects J and E are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is positioned directly above the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	above	1
1 Q is placed at the lower right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the bottom-left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the lower right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the right side and below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 N is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 N is above B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	below	1
1 W is positioned right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	left	1
1 C is to the bottom-left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the right side and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 M and U are parallel, and M is over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	below	1
1 H is on the top and X is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 Y and E are both there with the object Y above the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is at the bottom and X is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	above	1
1 N is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	below	1
1 W is below and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 I is over there and T is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	right	1
1 W is directly north east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Q is south east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is placed on the top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	below	1
1 D presents below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	below	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 S and G are both there with the object S above the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	below	1
1 N presents lower right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Z is placed in the left direction of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 B is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 M and L are parallel, and M is under L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	above	1
1 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned above S and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 R is placed in the right direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	left	1
1 C is sitting at the top position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	above	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally right and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 E and B are in a vertical line with B below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	above	1
1 X is on the left side of and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 E is over there and O is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	above	1
1 L and R are next to each other with L on the left and R on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	below	1
1 N presents upper right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	left	1
1 Z and K are in a vertical line with K below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M is over there and S is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	left	1
1 E is over there and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is on the left side and above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 K presents lower right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the right side and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is below object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 W presents upper right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 H is over there and X is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	above	1
1 X is placed at the bottom of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	above	1
1 T is lower left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 M is above C at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 C is above Y and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the right side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Object W is below object J and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 O and W are parallel, and O is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	right	1
1 R and A are both there with the object A below the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 V is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	right	1
1 C is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	above	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 M is positioned in the lower right corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Y presents lower left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 G and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	left	1
1 T is sitting at the upper right position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 D and H are side by side with D to the right and H to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 A and J are side by side with A to the left and J to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	right	1
1 Z is placed at the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 U is over there and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 N is positioned left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	right	1
1 X is above E with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	below	1
1 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	right	1
1 B is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X and F are in a vertical line with F below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	above	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 X is placed at the lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Q is south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned above and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the lower right position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object H and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 U and V are parallel, and U on the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	right	1
1 H is above I at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 X is south west of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting in the right direction of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	left	1
1 Y is at the lower side of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	above	1
1 V and K are parallel, and K is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	above	1
1 A is to the top-left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 E is above H and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 T is directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	above	1
1 P is placed at the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 X and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and X on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 H is at the bottom and L is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	below	1
1 Y is at the bottom of P vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	above	1
1 R is at the bottom of I vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 E is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	above	1
1 U and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	left	1
1 N is above F at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	left	1
1 V is placed at the bottom of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	below	1
1 N is sitting at the top position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 I is directly south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	left	1
1 C is above and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	above	1
1 S is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	left	1
1 A is to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 M is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned up and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 O is over there and G is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	right	1
1 X is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Q is above G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object G and L are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object S and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	above	1
1 H is below N at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 A is on the lower left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the upper right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 K is placed at the lower right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned up and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Q is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned above L and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is south west of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	left	1
1 D is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object V and P are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S is there and P is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Z is placed at the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 E presents right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object K and C are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 I presents left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	left	1
1 Y is below H at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	below	1
1 C is above N and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 K and V are parallel, and K is on top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is above X and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned below S and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally above Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O is below and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 B and R are both there with the object B is to the right of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	left	1
1 C is above and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Y and Z are vertical and Y is above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 N is below O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	below	1
1 A is below S and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 C presents over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	above	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Object L is above object F and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 G is to the bottom-left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 I is sitting at the top position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	above	1
1 W is diagonally right and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 B presents upper right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned in the front right corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 V is below D at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned above A and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 W is at the lower side of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	above	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	below	1
1 C is below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	above	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 T is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 E is on the lower left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the left side to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	left	1
1 M is sitting in the left direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	right	1
1 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	right	1
1 J is directly south west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 V is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 E is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	above	1
1 The object E is positioned directly below the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	below	1
1 F and L are side by side with L at the bottom and F on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 L is below R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	above	1
1 B is over there and C is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 B and E are both there with the object E below the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	above	1
1 Y and X are in a vertical line with X below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	above	1
1 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 R is on the right side and top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 F and N are parallel, and F is on top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	above	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the left side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	left	1
1 K is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 M is above P at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H is over there and Q is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	below	1
1 L is on the left side of and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N is over there and S is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	above	1
1 F presents upper right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	below	1
1 G is to the bottom right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 X is above and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	below	1
1 E is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 X is north east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 O is diagonally right and below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 U is above G and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 R is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 G is placed at the upper right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Z and W are parallel, and Z on the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	right	1
1 C is directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	below	1
1 Y is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Z is on the right side and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 X is at the bottom of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	below	1
1 D is over there and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	right	1
1 D and A are side by side with A at the bottom and D on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	above	1
1 L is directly above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 R and X are in a vertical line with R on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	above	1
1 P is to the bottom-left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 E is north west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned above F and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 S is below U and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 A is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	above	1
1 L and F are both there with the object L above the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	above	1
1 R is north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 C and T are parallel, and C is over T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	below	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, F is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 P is over there and G is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	right	1
1 O is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting at the upper left position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed at the bottom of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	below	1
1 G is below V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	above	1
1 Q is placed at the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 S is north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 F is over there with V below.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	below	1
1 Object L is above object B and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y presents over S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	below	1
1 U is at the lower side of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	below	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 S and J are both there with the object J below the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	above	1
1 A is upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	left	1
1 X and P are both there with the object P below the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 O is positioned above R and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 H is above Y and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object G and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	right	1
1 P is positioned up and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 D is above F and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	left	1
1 L is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	below	1
1 F is placed in the right direction of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	left	1
1 F is at Vs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	left	1
1 U is at C's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	below	1
1 U is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	left	1
1 O is directly above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	above	1
1 M is on the top and H is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	below	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	left	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	left	1
1 T is positioned up and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 U is positioned in the front right corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 S is placed on the top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	above	1
1 J is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 Y is above B and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 T and C are parallel, and T is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	right	1
1 E is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E is north west of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Q and P are horizontal and Q is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	right	1
1 D is to the bottom-left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I and R are side by side with I to the left and R to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	left	1
1 J is positioned left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	left	1
1 K is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object S is positioned directly below the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	above	1
1 H is to the bottom left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the bottom and A is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	above	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 T is south west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 E is placed at the lower left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Q is over there with S above.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	below	1
1 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Y is directly south east of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 D and W are parallel, and D on the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	left	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 U is directly south east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	above	1
1 K presents below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	below	1
1 U is positioned right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	left	1
1 T is to the right of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	right	1
1 R is under L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	above	1
1 D is placed at the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 S is at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	below	1
1 V is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	left	1
1 The objects G and O are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 U and Z are side by side with U on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	above	1
1 G is over there with O below.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	above	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper right position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Object G is below object X and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L presents left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	right	1
1 W is over there with I above.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	below	1
1 Y is directly south east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the left side of and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	above	1
1 N is below and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	above	1
1 Z presents upper right to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 G is directly north west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 F is below V at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 J is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	above	1
1 S and Q are side by side with S on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 V is above X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	below	1
1 Q presents over T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X is to the top right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object M and E are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	below	1
1 S is diagonally left and above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 I is at the bottom of S and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	above	1
1 B is on the left side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	left	1
1 N is above and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R is on top of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there and X is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 C and W are side by side with W at the bottom and C on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	above	1
1 Y is positioned up and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 G is sitting in the left direction of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	right	1
1 M is below R and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 G is at the bottom of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	below	1
1 A is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	above	1
1 A is north east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 B and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	left	1
1 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the top-right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned below W and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 U is placed at the bottom of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	above	1
1 Q is on the lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned above J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there with G above.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	below	1
1 F is to the right of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	right	1
1 E is to the right of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	right	1
1 I and S are parallel, and I is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	left	1
1 D is positioned below and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 N is at Gs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	right	1
1 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there and L is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	left	1
1 Q is sitting in the right direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	right	1
1 J is above and to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 M presents lower right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 Q is directly north east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting in the left direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	right	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	left	1
1 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 N is to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 I is placed at the lower right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Y and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Q is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	left	1
1 E and R are parallel, and E is under R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	above	1
1 E is sitting at the lower right position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there with M below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	above	1
1 Z is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	above	1
1 K is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	left	1
1 E and B are horizontal and E is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	right	1
1 R is positioned up and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Q is directly south west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the top side to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	above	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	right	1
1 L is to the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	above	1
1 P is positioned left to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 N is over there and P is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	below	1
1 Object P is below object A and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 O is over I.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	above	1
1 H is to the top of L vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	below	1
1 R is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	below	1
1 O is above X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	below	1
1 D is above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	above	1
1 The objects V and G are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	below	1
1 M and I are parallel, and M is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	left	1
1 J is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 J presents upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the top side to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	below	1
1 B presents lower left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	left	1
1 H and E are parallel, and H is on top of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	below	1
1 U is placed at the lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 L and G are vertical and L is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 F and E are next to each other with E on the right and F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	right	1
1 W and Z are parallel, and W on the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	left	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	above	1
1 H and T are both there with the object T below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object E is positioned directly above the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	below	1
1 M is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	above	1
1 B and D are parallel, and B is under D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	below	1
1 P is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally above B to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the top of B vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	below	1
1 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	right	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned in the top left corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the left side of and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 E is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	below	1
1 B and W are horizontal and B is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	right	1
1 B is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 G is placed in the left direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 E and N are side by side with E to the right and N to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	right	1
1 W presents left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	right	1
1 X is sitting in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the lower right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 X and N are parallel, and X on the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	right	1
1 W presents lower right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 O and B are both there with the object O is to the right of object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	right	1
1 U and K are both there with the object U above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 U and K are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	left	1
1 S is above and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Y presents lower left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 U and W are parallel, and U is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	right	1
1 F is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	right	1
1 H is diagonally left and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 D and Q are vertical and D is above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 X is on the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	below	1
1 O and B are next to each other with O on the left and B on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	left	1
1 T is on the right side to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	right	1
1 J is sitting at the lower position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	below	1
1 E is diagonally right and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 N presents over Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	above	1
1 P is above G at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the top of C vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	below	1
1 W is over there and Y is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 T is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there with V below.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	above	1
1 D is to the bottom left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 S is lower right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U is south east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	right	1
1 O is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	right	1
1 Z and A are parallel, and Z is to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	left	1
1 G is to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	left	1
1 Y is to the upper left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 V and D are both there with the object D below the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	above	1
1 J is positioned above and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 R is below and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 D presents upper right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the right side and top of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Z is over there and Q is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	below	1
1 J is positioned above N and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 I and L are side by side with I on the top and L at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	below	1
1 V is on the left and N is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	left	1
1 A and L are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	left	1
1 Z is above T at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 K is above and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the top side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	below	1
1 I is placed at the lower right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there and H is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q presents below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is on the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 A is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	above	1
1 Z and L are next to each other with Z on the top and L at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 V and E are horizontal and V is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	right	1
1 C is on the left side of and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 J is above K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	below	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	right	1
1 K is to the bottom-right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 C is below T at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Z is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	above	1
1 K and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	left	1
1 F is diagonally left and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally right and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 X is directly south east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 G is at Hs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	left	1
1 Z is directly below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	below	1
1 Y is upper right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 J is below Z and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 B and M are both there with the object B is to the right of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	left	1
1 S is over there with P above.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	above	1
1 Y and F are vertical and Y is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 H and P are parallel, and H is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 S and L are side by side with S to the right and L to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	left	1
1 P and I are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	right	1
1 S is over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	above	1
1 W is south east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Y is directly north west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 C and I are next to each other with I at the bottom C on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	below	1
1 R is below X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	below	1
1 V is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 F is placed in the left direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	left	1
1 Object P is below object E and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	above	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object B is positioned directly below the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	below	1
1 V and Q are parallel, and V is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	right	1
1 B is over there and P is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	right	1
1 B is positioned above W and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 J is upper right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P is placed at the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q and N are side by side with Q to the right and N to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object F is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned above and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 A is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	below	1
1 H is above R at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	below	1
1 W and Y are parallel, and W is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	left	1
1 B and E are side by side with B to the right and E to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	right	1
1 W is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 K is sitting in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	right	1
1 T is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	right	1
1 J is over there and F is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	below	1
1 E is sitting at the lower right position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 X is directly above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 G is to the bottom-right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Object U is below object J and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 U and O are both there with the object U above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	above	1
1 J is below C and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 G is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 G is lower left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W is directly above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	below	1
1 P is on the right side to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	right	1
1 R is at the bottom of J vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	below	1
1 Q is south west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the right of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	left	1
1 P is over E.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	below	1
1 The objects U and C are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 F and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and F on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	below	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 G and J are next to each other with G on the top and J at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	above	1
1 The object X is positioned directly below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	above	1
1 F is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 F and U are side by side with F on the top and U at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	above	1
1 Q presents below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	above	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	above	1
1 V and O are parallel, and V is on top of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	above	1
1 N is positioned below Q and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned above and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 M is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 V is upper right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I and W are next to each other with I on the left and W on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	right	1
1 Y is to the bottom right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 L is below A at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 B and S are parallel, and S is below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	above	1
1 A is placed at the upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 R is over there and G is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	below	1
1 Z is to the upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 T is south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 F is over there and R is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	above	1
1 D is directly north east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q is directly north west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 X is south east of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	right	1
1 D and T are next to each other with T at the bottom D on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	above	1
1 K is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 E and M are side by side with E to the right and M to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	right	1
1 Z is at the bottom of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 C presents over W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	below	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	left	1
1 Z presents lower right to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 L and C are in a vertical line with L on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	above	1
1 S is positioned right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the bottom-right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 D is under R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	above	1
1 M is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and I is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	right	1
1 K and Z are side by side with K to the left and Z to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	left	1
1 P and J are next to each other with J on the right and P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 I is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	right	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 N is placed at the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Q is above F and to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Z is above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting at the upper left position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the bottom of C and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	below	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned above W and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P and Y are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 B is positioned above and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 I is over there and A is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	below	1
1 T is placed at the bottom of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	above	1
1 Y is to the top right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 S is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Object P is below object J and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Q is south east of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the right and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 I is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the bottom-right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 B is placed at the bottom of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is above and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	left	1
1 P and W are horizontal and P is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	right	1
1 J is below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	above	1
1 X is positioned in the front right corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally right and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 P and T are parallel, and T is below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there and S is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	above	1
1 J is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 X is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 G is placed in the right direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	right	1
1 T is over there and B is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	left	1
1 X is south west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is positioned directly above the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 J is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 K is at S's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is on top of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	above	1
1 D is to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 O is placed on the top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	above	1
1 Object W is above object V and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 I is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 K is directly below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	above	1
1 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	below	1
1 K is above O and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T is below and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 F and G are next to each other with G on the right and F on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	right	1
1 N is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	left	1
1 D is at F's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	above	1
1 U is below K and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 L and R are horizontal and L is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 O is south east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	right	1
1 A is lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 U and M are side by side with U to the left and M to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	left	1
1 D is placed at the upper right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Object T is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 W is placed in the right direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	left	1
1 M is positioned right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	right	1
1 V is to the top-left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 W is upper right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 F is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 U is below and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	right	1
1 C is placed at the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 W is below H and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 O is above L at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The objects C and Q are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 I and C are next to each other with I on the left and C on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	right	1
1 A presents lower left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	right	1
1 Object N is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the right side and top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 G is at Fs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	right	1
1 W is to the top of D vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 N is above and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the bottom right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Object Y is below object N and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 B is directly above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	above	1
1 B and J are parallel, and B is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	right	1
1 P is to the bottom-right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 D is below and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M is below G and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	below	1
1 Q presents lower right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 E presents over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object F is positioned directly above the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	below	1
1 L is placed in the right direction of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	right	1
1 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 U is diagonally above K to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 R is positioned above and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 G presents right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	left	1
1 T and I are both there with the object I below the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	below	1
1 V is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the upper right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned above L and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 R is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the bottom-left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the top-left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the lower left position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 A is below I and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P presents left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 F and T are in a vertical line with T below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	below	1
1 U is positioned above and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 X is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 K presents upper right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	above	1
1 W is to the top of K vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	above	1
1 V is positioned up and to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 B is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there and T is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 G is at S's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	left	1
1 G is sitting at the upper left position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the right of W horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	right	1
1 B is at the bottom of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	above	1
1 M is over there and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 W is above G at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M is placed at the lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 A and C are horizontal and A is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	left	1
1 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there and V is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	above	1
1 K is lower left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	above	1
1 M is positioned above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object Z and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 L is directly south west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 V is at the bottom of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 C is over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	below	1
1 E is sitting at the lower right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned in the front right corner of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 G is above and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned above and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 P is directly south west of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The objects V and K are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned down and to the left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 C is over there and Q is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	right	1
1 The objects H and N are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 U and D are parallel, and U on the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	right	1
1 A is over there and F is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	below	1
1 N presents upper left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 H is directly below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	above	1
1 G is to the top right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the upper left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object L is positioned directly below the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 C and P are parallel, and C is on top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the top position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	below	1
1 O is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	below	1
1 J and P are both there with the object J is to the right of object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	left	1
1 F is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	right	1
1 A is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 M is placed at the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 A is upper right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 D and A are parallel, and D on the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	right	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the top right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 K is over there with L above.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	below	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, U is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Object Z is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the bottom-right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D is at the lower side of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	below	1
1 E is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 J is lower right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 B is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally right and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 W and J are next to each other with J at the bottom W on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	above	1
1 E is over there and M is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 The objects Q and E are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 F is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 V is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Z and I are side by side with Z to the right and I to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	right	1
1 I is over there and E is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	above	1
1 A and H are in a vertical line with A on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	above	1
1 Z is above A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	above	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 R is above C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	below	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 X is north west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 I is over there and V is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	right	1
1 A is above C at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 F and O are horizontal and F is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 H and B are next to each other with H on the top and B at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	above	1
1 I is positioned down and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object U is positioned directly below the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	below	1
1 V is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	above	1
1 B is on the lower left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 A is at Y's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	right	1
1 C and Q are parallel, and C is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	left	1
1 A presents right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	left	1
1 B is diagonally left and below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Z is at Qs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	left	1
1 H is placed in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 R is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	left	1
1 P is at the bottom and A is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	below	1
1 X is placed at the lower left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Y and E are in a vertical line with Y on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	above	1
1 N and T are side by side with N to the right and T to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	left	1
1 U presents lower left to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the right and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	right	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper right position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned up and to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 O is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 F and C are parallel, and F is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	left	1
1 H is positioned above D and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 F is below K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 Z and U are parallel, and Z is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	above	1
1 S is at Q's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	below	1
1 K and D are horizontal and K is to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	right	1
1 D is positioned above and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 V and C are in a vertical line with C below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	above	1
1 H is above and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	right	1
1 Z is on the upper right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 O is above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	below	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	below	1
1 D is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 C is above and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 K and L are parallel, and K is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	right	1
1 S presents right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	left	1
1 R is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 N is lower right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 G presents upper left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the top of W vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	above	1
1 P is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N and C are side by side with N to the left and C to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	right	1
1 The objects D and X are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the bottom-left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 T is over there and J is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	left	1
1 Y is above O at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the top side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	below	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the top-right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 U and H are both there with the object U is to the right of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	right	1
1 Object D is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 E is placed at the bottom of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	above	1
1 P is below and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 I is directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 M is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	left	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned in the front right corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 J and Z are side by side with J on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	above	1
1 H is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 L is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	right	1
1 R is to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the right side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	right	1
1 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 R is diagonally right and above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 C is over there and U is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 F is above and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the bottom right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the right of X horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 A is under Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	above	1
1 J is to the right of P horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 E is below and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V is south east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 T is at the lower side of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 T is sitting at the upper right position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 K is sitting at the lower right position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Z and Q are parallel, and Z on the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	left	1
1 L is at X's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 G is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	above	1
1 M and V are both there with the object M is to the right of object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	right	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 K is below U and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 M is lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 N is placed at the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 M is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	below	1
1 M is above S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 N is over there and S is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object S is positioned directly below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	below	1
1 Z is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	left	1
1 H is over there with P above.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	above	1
1 Y is above G at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 C is under U.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	below	1
1 I is below and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the bottom-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the lower right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is on the top side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	below	1
1 M is diagonally right and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 B and M are both there with the object B is to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	left	1
1 R is positioned below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	below	1
1 E is above N at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 T presents lower left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 W is at the bottom and C is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	above	1
1 C is directly north east of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Q is above N and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object Q is positioned directly above the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	above	1
1 B is at Ns 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	right	1
1 G is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 V and M are parallel, and V is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	below	1
1 X presents right to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	left	1
1 M is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	above	1
1 P is over there with E below.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	below	1
1 T presents lower left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally right and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the left side and above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 O and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and O on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 A and T are parallel, and A is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	left	1
1 M is placed at the upper right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 J and A are side by side with J on the top and A at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	above	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly below the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	above	1
1 O is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	below	1
1 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	right	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	below	1
1 C and L are both there with the object C is to the right of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	right	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 R is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 A and S are parallel, and A on the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	right	1
1 Object L is above object V and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 H and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and H on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	right	1
1 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	right	1
1 K is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	above	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	below	1
1 E is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	left	1
1 X is under J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	above	1
1 V is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 L is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the bottom right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the top-left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 M is above W at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the bottom left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 B is placed at the upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 S is lower right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 B and C are parallel, and B on the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	left	1
1 Object F is below object M and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting at the upper right position to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the top and B is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	below	1
1 R and L are horizontal and R is to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	left	1
1 D and B are next to each other with B on the right and D on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	left	1
1 The objects A and O are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the top side to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	above	1
1 H is south east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Z is directly north west of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	above	1
1 S is sitting at the lower position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	above	1
1 Q and L are side by side with L at the bottom and Q on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	below	1
1 R is above and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 S is under J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	above	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, A is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 V is placed in the left direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	left	1
1 X and N are parallel, and X is on top of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	above	1
1 E presents below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	below	1
1 W is at Ks 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	right	1
1 S is below H at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 A is above V and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	right	1
1 O is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there with J above.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	below	1
1 U and E are parallel, and E is below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	below	1
1 G and Q are parallel, and G is under Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	below	1
1 S is to the top right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 O and G are vertical and O is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is above and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	above	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	left	1
1 Q is on the right side and below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned above N and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 X and M are parallel, and X is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	left	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	left	1
1 O is positioned in the lower left corner of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is below object D and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object J is positioned directly below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	below	1
1 N and E are both there with the object N is to the right of object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	left	1
1 T is positioned below W and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 D presents lower left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 J is over there and D is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	above	1
1 X is directly south west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Object U is below object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 V is directly south west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally left and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Y and Q are parallel, and Y on the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	left	1
1 J is at V's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	right	1
1 W is on the lower right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 U is lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	left	1
1 V is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there and O is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 Y and I are parallel, and Y on the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object F is positioned directly above the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 J is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned above P and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the lower side of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 E is positioned below T and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 O and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	left	1
1 I and Y are parallel, and I is to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	right	1
1 T is to the top right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 R and D are both there with the object R above the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	above	1
1 U and A are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	left	1
1 G is over there and Y is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	below	1
1 P is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	right	1
1 L is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 R is below O and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 C is lower left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 O and V are horizontal and O is to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	left	1
1 Y is positioned above U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Object V is below object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Z and M are side by side with Z on the top and M at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 L is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	left	1
1 R is above U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	below	1
1 K is at the lower side of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	below	1
1 S is placed in the left direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	left	1
1 B is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	left	1
1 U is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	left	1
1 L and Q are horizontal and L is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	left	1
1 N is on the lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally right and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 G is diagonally right and above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the top of Y vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 C and I are next to each other with C on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	below	1
1 A is over there and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	right	1
1 O is lower left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 F is over there and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	left	1
1 I and B are next to each other with B at the bottom I on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	above	1
1 X and W are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	right	1
1 I and O are horizontal and I is to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 I is positioned above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	above	1
1 M is below and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 C is directly above E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	below	1
1 C is positioned above P and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 N and F are next to each other with N on the left and F on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	right	1
1 M is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there with M below.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	below	1
1 Q is on the right and T is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	right	1
1 D is on the left side of and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 R is above Y at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the top right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D is upper left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L and M are parallel, and M is below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object F and H are there. The object F is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the right of A horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting at the lower right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 F is placed at the lower right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Q is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 V is placed at the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, X is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 B is placed at the lower right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	above	1
1 J is over I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 W and D are next to each other with W on the left and D on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	right	1
1 The objects H and Y are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Q is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object F is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 S and K are side by side with S to the left and K to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	right	1
1 F and K are next to each other with K at the bottom F on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	below	1
1 O and F are side by side with O to the left and F to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	left	1
1 D presents left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	left	1
1 D and P are parallel, and D is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	right	1
1 G is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Z is over there and A is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 N and D are side by side with D at the bottom and N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	below	1
1 E is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	right	1
1 K presents right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	left	1
1 C is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and G is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	right	1
1 Z and H are both there with the object Z is to the left of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	right	1
1 L presents upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 K and H are both there with the object H below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	above	1
1 E is positioned down and to the left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 D and Y are both there with the object D is to the left of object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 I is sitting at the lower position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 F is south east of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the bottom of L vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	below	1
1 U is positioned below A and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 O and U are parallel, and O is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the upper right position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 J and O are vertical and J is above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	right	1
1 V is north west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 N and Q are parallel, and N on the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	left	1
1 C is to the bottom left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 H is over there and R is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	below	1
1 A is positioned in the front right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 O presents below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	above	1
1 U presents upper left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 C is directly below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	below	1
1 E is above H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 Z is directly below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	right	1
1 Y is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	right	1
1 E is over D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	below	1
1 B and H are parallel, and B is to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 V and L are both there with the object V is to the right of object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	left	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 L is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 L presents lower left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 X presents upper left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	below	1
1 H is to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 T is to the upper left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned above and to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 T is below K and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 K is at P's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	above	1
1 O and M are next to each other with M at the bottom O on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	above	1
1 G is over there with R below.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is on the right and L is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	left	1
1 W is diagonally left and above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	left	1
1 L is upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	left	1
1 X and D are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	left	1
1 X is to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the left side to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	right	1
1 F and Z are both there with the object F is to the left of object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is at Js 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	right	1
1 R is at P's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	above	1
1 G is to the top right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 W and N are parallel, and W is over N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	below	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 Z is over there and D is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 M is on the lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Z is over there and O is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Z is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	right	1
1 P is diagonally left and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 J and B are vertical and J is above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	above	1
1 S is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	right	1
1 K is to the top-left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	left	1
1 M is above I and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 L and P are next to each other with L on the left and P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	left	1
1 W is on the lower right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 C is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 A is below and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 S presents left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	right	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 P is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The object E is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 P and X are horizontal and P is to the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	left	1
1 S is placed on the top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	below	1
1 Q is positioned below and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object T and X are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 J is over there and N is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	right	1
1 Q is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Object U is below object M and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 C presents lower left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 G is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	above	1
1 M presents lower right to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the lower position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 S is on the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 G and S are parallel, and G is to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	right	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	below	1
1 H is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 Object P is below object M and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	left	1
1 G is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	left	1
1 N and M are both there with the object N is to the left of object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	right	1
1 H is positioned below and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 K is south east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 I is directly below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 P and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	right	1
1 D and N are side by side with N at the bottom and D on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	above	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	right	1
1 L is below V and to the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 W and M are parallel, and W is over M.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	above	1
1 O and K are parallel, and O is under K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	above	1
1 V is at the bottom of Q vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W and B are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object J is positioned directly below the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is positioned below U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 P and R are parallel, and P is to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	left	1
1 M is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	above	1
1 N is over there and K is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	right	1
1 X is over there and B is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 G is placed at the bottom of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 F is on the right side and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the right and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly below the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 F presents below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	above	1
1 Z is to the bottom left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 H is directly south east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 F is south west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 I is at the bottom of G vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	below	1
1 K is south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 P presents lower right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P is south west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Q is positioned above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	below	1
1 V presents upper left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned right to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	left	1
1 T is on the left and R is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	left	1
1 S presents over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 Z and K are horizontal and Z is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	left	1
1 S is placed at the upper right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is diagonally right and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 S presents below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 D is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting at the upper left position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	right	1
1 R is at V's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	below	1
1 H is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	above	1
1 V is to the right of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	right	1
1 X is sitting at the lower left position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 E is under G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	above	1
1 H is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 L is diagonally right and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 O is north east of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 T is sitting at the top position to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	above	1
1 C is to the bottom-left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 S and A are side by side with S to the left and A to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	left	1
1 N and V are next to each other with V at the bottom N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	above	1
1 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 The objects O and W are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the right side and top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 D is over there and E is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	below	1
1 O is at J's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 R and H are next to each other with H on the right and R on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	left	1
1 W is sitting at the lower position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	below	1
1 O is positioned in the top left corner of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 U is placed at the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Z and U are side by side with Z to the left and U to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	right	1
1 S is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 U is above and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 C is north west of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	left	1
1 H and Q are parallel, and H on the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	left	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 O is over B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	above	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	right	1
1 I and A are parallel, and I is over A.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	above	1
1 S is at Z's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	below	1
1 Q is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the top position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	below	1
1 X is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 D is below V with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	above	1
1 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	above	1
1 S is at V's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	above	1
1 W is to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	left	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the top right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 M is upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting at the top position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	above	1
1 M and R are side by side with M to the right and R to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	left	1
1 D is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	left	1
1 L is on the upper right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the upper left position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	left	1
1 O is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Z is placed at the lower left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 R is directly below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	above	1
1 B and R are parallel, and B on the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 O is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	left	1
1 L is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	above	1
1 O and F are side by side with O to the left and F to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	right	1
1 U is to the bottom-left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed on the top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 D is to the bottom-right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the right side and below P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the top-left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Q presents below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	below	1
1 L and R are next to each other with R on the right and L on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 W is above U at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 I is over there and Q is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	right	1
1 F and P are in a vertical line with F on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	below	1
1 Y is on the right and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	left	1
1 N is under S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 G and P are parallel, and G is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	left	1
1 K is placed at the lower right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there and L is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	left	1
1 B is upper left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	right	1
1 The objects O and S are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the left side to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Y is over there and Q is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	below	1
1 A is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the top and G is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	above	1
1 D and S are side by side with D on the top and S at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	below	1
1 G and U are both there with the object G is to the left of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	right	1
1 N is to the top of K vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	below	1
1 O is diagonally above T to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 M is placed at the bottom of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	below	1
1 Z is above T at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 E is below and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	below	1
1 X is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 F is over there and Y is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	left	1
1 I is at the bottom of F vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	above	1
1 G and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and G on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	below	1
1 S is sitting at the lower left position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 H is below X with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	below	1
1 U is on the right and X is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 Z and F are vertical and Z is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 G is below B at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 A and T are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	right	1
1 G is directly south east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	left	1
1 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is positioned up and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 D is placed in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	right	1
1 U is on the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 K presents right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	left	1
1 W is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 J is directly above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	below	1
1 K is on the lower left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 K is placed in the right direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	right	1
1 I is below Z and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 C is at the bottom of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 U and L are side by side with L at the bottom and U on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	below	1
1 I is over there with R above.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	below	1
1 W is above R at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 A is diagonally right and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 S and Y are horizontal and S is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the bottom right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the lower position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	below	1
1 S presents upper left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned down and to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 X and K are horizontal and X is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	left	1
1 R and C are side by side with C at the bottom and R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	below	1
1 E is above G and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 B is above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	above	1
1 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is to the bottom right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T is directly south west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 S is below L and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 X presents lower right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 N presents right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	left	1
1 M is positioned above and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the right of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 F is over there and B is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	right	1
1 H and N are parallel, and H on the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 R is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 The object I and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned down and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 K is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 H is directly below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	below	1
1 C is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	left	1
1 H and D are vertical and H is above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 A is directly south west of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 U is directly north west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 G is below R and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	below	1
1 X is placed in the right direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Y is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	below	1
1 G and X are side by side with X at the bottom and G on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	above	1
1 F and Z are vertical and F is below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 D is above W and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 L is directly below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	above	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned above and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the bottom-right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 U presents over H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	below	1
1 X and O are both there with the object X is to the right of object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	right	1
1 T is below I and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there with S above.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 D is over there and A is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 V and Y are next to each other with V on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object P and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the left and P is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 T and X are side by side with T to the right and X to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	left	1
1 K is on the right side and top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	right	1
1 N is directly south west of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the right and P is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	left	1
1 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	right	1
1 A is directly south east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 B is placed at the lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 N and P are parallel, and N is under P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	below	1
1 R is over there and O is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	below	1
1 U is sitting at the upper left position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 T and A are parallel, and T is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	left	1
1 B is diagonally right and below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 R is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 K and T are parallel, and K is under T.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	below	1
1 B is sitting in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	right	1
1 B is south east of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	above	1
1 Z is to the right of H horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	right	1
1 E is below F and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there and X is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	below	1
1 S is below W and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	right	1
1 T is sitting at the lower left position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the right side and top of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 B presents upper right to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 T and K are parallel, and K is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	above	1
1 A is on the right and R is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	left	1
1 X is over there and T is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	left	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 G is at the bottom of F vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	below	1
1 F is at the bottom of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 F is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 O is positioned above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 C is below W with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	above	1
1 X is above P with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	above	1
1 E and S are next to each other with S at the bottom E on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	below	1
1 N is on the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R presents upper left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, U is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 R is north east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 A is sitting at the lower right position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 Q is below and to the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	left	1
1 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	below	1
1 Q is to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 J is on the left side of and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 C is sitting at the upper right position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 U is below V at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 T is above Q at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 F is below and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is below L and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is directly south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 E and F are vertical and E is above F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	below	1
1 W is positioned left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	left	1
1 A is to the bottom-right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 B and C are parallel, and B is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 X is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	left	1
1 B and E are next to each other with E on the right and B on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	left	1
1 T presents lower right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Object L is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 V is north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	above	1
1 O is on the left side to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	left	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 A is south east of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 Q and V are side by side with Q to the left and V to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	left	1
1 H is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 E is above H and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the right side and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 W and U are next to each other with U at the bottom W on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	above	1
1 B and I are in a vertical line with B on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	below	1
1 N is on the left side and above G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 B and Z are parallel, and B is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 A is at W's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	below	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 T and A are parallel, and T is to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	left	1
1 E is over there with P above.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	below	1
1 K is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	left	1
1 H is on the lower left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 T is below K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	below	1
1 I and M are parallel, and I on the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	right	1
1 E is placed on the top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 K is below S and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Q is above S with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	above	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 F is at the bottom of V vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 Y is placed in the right direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	right	1
1 M presents lower left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 T is lower left to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 D is placed at the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 N and X are side by side with X at the bottom and N on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	below	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 E and K are side by side with E on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	right	1
1 J is positioned left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	right	1
1 E is positioned above T and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The objects H and D are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	above	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	right	1
1 S is at the bottom of F vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object D is positioned directly above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	below	1
1 M is south east of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 G and Q are next to each other with G on the left and Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 Y is placed on the top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	below	1
1 O is positioned in the top left corner of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the left side to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	left	1
1 J is directly south west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 K and I are side by side with K to the left and I to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	right	1
1 V is below I at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object I and R are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	right	1
1 X is positioned above G and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is below Z and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 U is upper right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the bottom-right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the lower side of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	below	1
1 C presents right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	left	1
1 P is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	right	1
1 G is above and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The objects V and X are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned in the front right corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 T is sitting at the 6:00 position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object D is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned below B and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 R is at Bs 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 K and L are side by side with K on the top and L at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	above	1
1 B presents upper left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Z and A are parallel, and Z is under A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	above	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, O is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 R and D are in a vertical line with D below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	above	1
1 Object G is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z presents over U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	above	1
1 The objects G and N are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The object T and Q are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 V and T are parallel, and V is to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 V is over there and G is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	left	1
1 Z is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	above	1
1 J is on the left side and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	left	1
1 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	below	1
1 G and K are both there with the object G above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	above	1
1 M is to the top-left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 N and V are both there with the object V below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	above	1
1 N is lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 S is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 R is over there and Y is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 N is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 V is there and Z is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 V is below G at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 F is directly south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 P is over there and L is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	above	1
1 O is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	below	1
1 S is on the right side and top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 D is north west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 I is above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 G presents upper right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 K is directly below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	below	1
1 P is lower right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 C and J are next to each other with C on the top and J at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	below	1
1 F is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the lower right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	below	1
1 Y is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	left	1
1 P is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 T is directly north east of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Z and T are parallel, and Z is under T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	below	1
1 A is placed at the lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 B is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	above	1
1 E and B are parallel, and E on the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	left	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	left	1
1 U and D are both there with the object D below the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	above	1
1 L is below U and to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 R is on top of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	below	1
1 N is directly below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	below	1
1 S is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 X is directly north west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 L is north east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 X is above and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 P and F are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	right	1
1 P presents lower left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 L and K are next to each other with L on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally right and below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 R and J are next to each other with R on the left and J on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	right	1
1 L is to the bottom-left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the right of J horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	left	1
1 H is above B and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 P and K are parallel, and P is over K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	above	1
1 L is directly north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 K is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting at the lower position to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	above	1
1 C is on the left and O is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	left	1
1 M is over there and E is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 T and H are in a vertical line with T on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	right	1
1 T is on the left and B is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	left	1
1 N and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and N on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 W is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	right	1
1 I is over there with T above.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	below	1
1 I is over there and G is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	right	1
1 L is above A at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	left	1
1 F is below E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	above	1
1 V is sitting in the left direction of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the lower position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object E is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 C and X are horizontal and C is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	left	1
1 A is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	right	1
1 H is placed in the left direction of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	left	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	above	1
1 W is positioned below B and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 E and J are vertical and E is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	below	1
1 L is on the left side of and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the bottom-right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the left and F is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	right	1
1 X and K are parallel, and X on the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	left	1
1 E and S are parallel, and E on the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 A is placed at the lower left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 M is below O at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the top of J vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	below	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 P is upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the right of S horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	left	1
1 O is over there and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	left	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	below	1
1 W is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	right	1
1 X is above G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 X presents right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	right	1
1 V is below and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 S is at T's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	below	1
1 G and M are parallel, and G on the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	left	1
1 Y presents lower left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 T is over there with Z above.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	left	1
1 M is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	below	1
1 F is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	right	1
1 R is below Q at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 V is directly north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the bottom right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X presents upper left to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 X is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 A is under U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	above	1
1 U presents lower left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the bottom of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 G is placed at the lower right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 B is at F's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	right	1
1 A and G are parallel, and A is over G.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	above	1
1 B is positioned up and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	above	1
1 Y is below Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	below	1
1 J is to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	left	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	below	1
1 P and M are side by side with P on the top and M at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	below	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q is below S at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is directly above B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 F is lower left to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the left and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	left	1
1 W is positioned below and to the right of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 I is south west of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	right	1
1 Y is above W and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the upper right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned below A and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally left and below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 T is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 The objects E and A are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 E is placed at the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally above T to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 E is on top of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	below	1
1 C is to the bottom right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 I and L are both there with the object L below the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	below	1
1 G is at P's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	below	1
1 P is placed at the upper right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the left of K horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	right	1
1 F and Z are next to each other with F on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	below	1
1 H is on the top side to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	below	1
1 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is placed on the top of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	above	1
1 X is directly above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	below	1
1 T is diagonally left and below C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 G is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 E is directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	below	1
1 S and M are next to each other with S on the top and M at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 W is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 G presents right to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	right	1
1 V is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly above the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	above	1
1 U is directly north east of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 E is above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	above	1
1 Z is to the top right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Y is diagonally right and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the lower position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 O and G are vertical and O is below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	above	1
1 Y and S are both there with the object Y is to the right of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	right	1
1 X is over there and S is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	left	1
1 R and E are horizontal and R is to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the upper right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 V and N are vertical and V is below N.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	below	1
1 U is above and to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 L and M are horizontal and L is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	right	1
1 P is directly north west of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the right of G horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	left	1
1 Object K is below object N and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 G is below H with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 E is on top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	above	1
1 J and P are parallel, and J is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	right	1
1 J and V are next to each other with J on the left and V on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 J and Q are side by side with J to the left and Q to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	right	1
1 M is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Object L is above object M and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 V and Q are parallel, and V is under Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 E is on the right and O is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 X is positioned up and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned below and to the right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 L is placed in the left direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	right	1
1 L is there and C is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 B and J are vertical and B is above J.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	above	1
1 D is over there and C is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	below	1
1 F is below H at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 U is lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	right	1
1 H and L are both there with the object H above the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	below	1
1 T is to the bottom-left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 K is directly south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 G and M are parallel, and G is to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	left	1
1 R is diagonally right and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the left of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	left	1
1 Q is to the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	left	1
1 Y is at the lower side of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	below	1
1 V is directly north east of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the lower side of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	above	1
1 L is sitting at the upper left position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	left	1
1 U is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 G and H are next to each other with H on the right and G on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	left	1
1 S is on the top and H is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	below	1
1 H is positioned left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	left	1
1 B is on the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	left	1
1 F is positioned up and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 B presents lower right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	above	1
1 M is to the top of P vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	above	1
1 G is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 A is over there and I is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	right	1
1 D and F are both there with the object D is to the left of object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	left	1
1 T is sitting at the upper right position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 G is below A at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	above	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the left of M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 W is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	above	1
1 O is on top of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	below	1
1 O is upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 V presents right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	left	1
1 O is at the bottom and H is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	above	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 B is below A at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the top-right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The objects K and P are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the right of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	left	1
1 V and D are parallel, and V on the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	right	1
1 T is sitting at the upper right position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	left	1
1 Q and Z are next to each other with Q on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	below	1
1 I is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	right	1
1 N and U are parallel, and N is on top of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	below	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Q is under Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	above	1
1 N is to the upper left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, D is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Y is under V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	above	1
1 F is to the bottom-right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 N and P are parallel, and N is to the right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	left	1
1 S is over there and H is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object X is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 D is upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 A is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	below	1
1 B is on the top and I is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	above	1
1 F is diagonally above T to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	left	1
1 C is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	above	1
1 A and K are both there with the object A above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	below	1
1 The objects E and L are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object X is positioned directly above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	above	1
1 B presents upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Y presents upper left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 R and J are vertical and R is below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	above	1
1 I is on the lower left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	right	1
1 D is below K and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Object K is below object U and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	left	1
1 V is positioned below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 M is below T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	above	1
1 J is to the bottom right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed at the lower left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 T and I are side by side with T on the top and I at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	below	1
1 V is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 A and R are parallel, and A is under R.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object B is positioned directly below the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	below	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q and C are in a vertical line with C below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	below	1
1 E is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 J is above and to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	right	1
1 B is south west of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 R and W are next to each other with W at the bottom R on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	above	1
1 F is on the right side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	left	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	above	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the top-left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 H is above R with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned below and to the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 C and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	left	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Z is above S and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 J and U are vertical and J is above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 L is diagonally above D to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Z and D are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	below	1
1 I is on the left side and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 R is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	right	1
1 Object V is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 N is below R at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the upper right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 S is positioned up and to the right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q and M are side by side with Q to the right and M to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	left	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 P and G are side by side with P to the left and G to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	right	1
1 K is at Y's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	below	1
1 W is on the lower left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 N and E are side by side with N to the right and E to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	right	1
1 U is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	right	1
1 P is directly above V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	below	1
1 K is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The objects R and X are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned below and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 P and N are next to each other with P on the left and N on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object X is positioned directly below the object L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	below	1
1 D and I are parallel, and D is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	right	1
1 Z is to the bottom left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	left	1
1 R and Q are parallel, and R on the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	left	1
1 H is positioned above and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 F is at Ls 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	left	1
1 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	above	1
1 B is placed at the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the left side to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	left	1
1 V is to the top-right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 D is lower right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 X is at Js 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 S is diagonally left and above S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 L and M are in a vertical line with M below L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	below	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, N is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	below	1
1 U and T are parallel, and U on the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	left	1
1 O is on the lower left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 J is positioned in the front right corner of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 I and S are side by side with I on the top and S at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	above	1
1 L is positioned right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	left	1
1 A is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	right	1
1 Y and V are parallel, and Y on the left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	left	1
1 N is upper right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The objects P and Q are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 U is upper right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 T presents over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	above	1
1 Z is above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	above	1
1 The objects L and G are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	below	1
1 J is over there and M is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	right	1
1 I and A are parallel, and A is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 Z is above E at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there with O above.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	above	1
1 U is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 M and Q are in a vertical line with Q below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	above	1
1 B is positioned above and to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 I is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at the lower side of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	above	1
1 S and F are parallel, and S is over F.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	above	1
1 The objects B and W are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 X and P are both there with the object X above the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 A is on the right side and top of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the right side to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	left	1
1 C is upper left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	above	1
1 Y presents upper right to Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Y and K are parallel, and Y on the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	right	1
1 C is below A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	below	1
1 H is on the left side to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 W is to the right of C horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	left	1
1 Y is over there with L below.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	below	1
1 H is at the bottom and V is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 H and G are in a vertical line with H on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned above U and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 X is above A at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 I is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	below	1
1 W is to the bottom left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Y is positioned above A and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 X is upper right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The objects W and J are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 O and W are vertical and O is above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y is placed in the right direction of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object M and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 F and I are parallel, and F on the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	left	1
1 C is above and to the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 T is over there and K is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	left	1
1 F presents lower right to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there with V below.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the right side to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	right	1
1 H presents upper right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally right and above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 M is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 N is to the right of M horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	right	1
1 C is above and to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 P is diagonally left and above P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 U is below T with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	below	1
1 V and E are next to each other with E on the right and V on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	left	1
1 G and Y are side by side with G on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	above	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Object F is below object I and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	below	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	right	1
1 B is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the top and C is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	below	1
1 D presents below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	below	1
1 L is to the right of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Y is to the bottom left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	left	1
1 N and S are vertical and N is below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 Q is on the left side to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	left	1
1 Object M is below object K and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 X is above and to the left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 G is over there and D is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	right	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	left	1
1 Y is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	right	1
1 Q is to the left of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	right	1
1 D is to the top right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 A and Y are side by side with A to the left and Y to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 H is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 O and V are parallel, and O is over V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	below	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 I is placed in the left direction of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the right of H horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 G is above K at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q is at the lower side of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 E and L are next to each other with L at the bottom E on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	above	1
1 O is positioned below C and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	left	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the top right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	left	1
1 Z is north west of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the bottom and L is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	below	1
1 B is over there with Z below.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 V is over there and K is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Q is below and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at the lower side of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	below	1
1 P is upper left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N is at K's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	above	1
1 W is positioned below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	above	1
1 R is above W at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 B is above Z at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 R and I are vertical and R is below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	above	1
1 S presents upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Q and F are next to each other with Q on the top and F at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	below	1
1 B is directly south west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 G is above and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned in the front right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Z and I are parallel, and Z is to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	right	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the left of B horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	left	1
1 Y is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 I and D are side by side with D at the bottom and I on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Z is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 J is above U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	below	1
1 Object Y is below object M and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Y is positioned above I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	above	1
1 V is to the top-left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 U and P are next to each other with U on the left and P on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	right	1
1 E is below C and to the right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 T is above N and to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 P presents left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	right	1
1 G is positioned in the front right corner of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 O and T are parallel, and O on the left of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	right	1
1 E is at S's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	above	1
1 T is sitting at the lower left position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned in the top left corner of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 S is directly north east of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the bottom-left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 C and X are parallel, and C on the left of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	right	1
1 M is to the upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the right and S is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	right	1
1 D is positioned up and to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	right	1
1 J is above K at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 I is above W at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the top-right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 M is diagonally left and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 M is above and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the left of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	left	1
1 P is placed at the lower right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 T is sitting in the right direction of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	left	1
1 N is diagonally right and above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 The objects C and F are over there. The object C is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Q and L are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	left	1
1 C is sitting at the top position to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	above	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the left side and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 K is placed at the upper right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 R is below W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	below	1
1 Z is placed in the right direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Q is south east of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	above	1
1 T and C are parallel, and C is below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	below	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 M and K are next to each other with M on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	left	1
1 V is at J's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	above	1
1 R is placed at the upper right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 P is above and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 L is below R at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	right	1
1 F is above and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	above	1
1 S is on the left side of and below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 A is at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	above	1
1 V is on the right side to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the upper left position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally right and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 S is directly north west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 V is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 L is placed at the lower left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 S is south west of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 G is below and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 J is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned left to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 A is at C's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	above	1
1 W and I are in a vertical line with W on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 X and B are both there with the object X above the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	below	1
1 X is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 W presents lower right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the left of I horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 V is above C and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 B is directly south west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	below	1
1 R is on the right side and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the bottom-right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Z and S are horizontal and Z is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	left	1
1 B is on the lower left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 F is above and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 C is there and K is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 J is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	left	1
1 C is at S's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	above	1
1 W is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	below	1
1 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 X is at the bottom and N is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	above	1
1 T is under O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	above	1
1 Z is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	left	1
1 Z and G are horizontal and Z is to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	right	1
1 H and N are parallel, and H is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	left	1
1 S and R are parallel, and S is on top of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	below	1
1 Z is directly north west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 O and G are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	left	1
1 D is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 G is on the top and D is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	below	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower right position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Z and N are horizontal and Z is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	right	1
1 N is to the right of E horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	left	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	left	1
1 K and M are vertical and K is above M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	below	1
1 C is to the top right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 E is over there with F below.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	above	1
1 K is to the top-left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The objects O and P are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 P is above U at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q is diagonally right and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the right side to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	left	1
1 S and K are parallel, and S is to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 X is directly south west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the top of Z vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	above	1
1 X is diagonally right and below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 K and N are next to each other with N at the bottom K on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 S is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	right	1
1 N and Q are next to each other with N on the left and Q on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, U is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 D and H are parallel, and D is to the right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 W is below and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting at the lower position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	above	1
1 Object X is below object R and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	left	1
1 The objects Z and N are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	left	1
1 E is at K's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	below	1
1 U is below and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed at the upper left of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Z is positioned above and to the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 O and E are parallel, and E is below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	above	1
1 W and N are parallel, and W is to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly above the object P.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	above	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	right	1
1 X is on the right and U is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	left	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed at the lower right of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the top-right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 K is below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	above	1
1 U is to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	right	1
1 V is to the left of N horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	left	1
1 B is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 G and T are parallel, and G on the right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	right	1
1 I is positioned down and to the left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S and Z are parallel, and S is on top of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	below	1
1 Z is on the left side of and below K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 A and N are parallel, and A is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	left	1
1 C is below V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	above	1
1 X and L are both there with the object L below the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	below	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	right	1
1 Y is positioned left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Q is placed at the bottom of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	above	1
1 P is positioned below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	below	1
1 A is placed at the upper right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the bottom left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is positioned directly below the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	below	1
1 A is placed in the right direction of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	right	1
1 X is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 O is above and to the right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned below U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	above	1
1 A is placed in the left direction of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 W is directly north east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object L and T are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the top of F vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	below	1
1 R is below W and to the right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 M and Y are parallel, and M is under Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	below	1
1 I is north west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 W is on the left side and above C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 D is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 W is south west of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	right	1
1 K and Q are parallel, and K is to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	left	1
1 M is to the bottom left of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting at the 6:00 position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	below	1
1 B is at O's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	right	1
1 S is positioned below and to the right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 L presents below S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	below	1
1 The objects S and X are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 T is directly south west of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	right	1
1 W is positioned left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q is to the right of J horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 O and H are both there with the object O is to the right of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 U and I are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	right	1
1 X is to the upper left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object A and K are there. The object A is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally left and below D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned right to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	right	1
1 U is diagonally left and above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there with H below.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 J is above and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 P is at the bottom of Y vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	below	1
1 I is on the lower left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	left	1
1 Y is at P's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 Q is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the top right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	left	1
1 T and Z are in a vertical line with Z below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	above	1
1 R is to the bottom right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned below and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 O and Q are both there with the object O is to the left of object Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	left	1
1 P and Z are parallel, and P is to the left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	left	1
1 P and S are next to each other with S at the bottom P on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	above	1
1 X is over there and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	right	1
1 K is over there and U is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	left	1
1 N is positioned in the front right corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The objects D and Y are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	above	1
1 Z is over there with G above.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	above	1
1 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	above	1
1 R and D are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	left	1
1 F is to the bottom-left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the right side and top of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 S is over there and R is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object J and G are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Object I is above object O and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 C and Q are parallel, and C on the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	right	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	below	1
1 T is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	above	1
1 R is below S at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	right	1
1 U and O are vertical and U is below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	below	1
1 L and Y are parallel, and L is to the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	right	1
1 V is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	right	1
1 A is placed at the upper right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 C and J are parallel, and C is to the right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 Object H is below object G and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	above	1
1 M is south west of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	right	1
1 Y is lower left to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned above O and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Z presents left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	right	1
1 U and K are next to each other with U on the top and K at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 I is positioned above and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 S is directly south west of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	left	1
1 G and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and G on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	left	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	right	1
1 S is over there with A below.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	above	1
1 P and G are parallel, and P on the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	right	1
1 Q and M are next to each other with M at the bottom Q on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Q is below R and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 R is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	below	1
1 V is over there with Y below.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	below	1
1 D is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 N is positioned right to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 V is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally right and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 X is over there and Y is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 X is sitting at the upper right position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 H and G are side by side with H to the right and G to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	left	1
1 L is above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	below	1
1 X is directly north west of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 E is above and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 O is lower right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 P and B are side by side with P to the left and B to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	left	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 E is at R's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	below	1
1 F is directly north west of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 R is over there and S is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	below	1
1 T is on the right side and below H.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object F and S are there. The object S is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 T is below Q and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 F is diagonally right and above R.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 E and W are parallel, and E is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	right	1
1 H presents upper right to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 T is placed at the upper right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 U is directly north west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the left side and above W.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Y is placed on the top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	above	1
1 R is above and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 X is south east of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 R is on the left side of and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 D presents below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 I is under R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 F is upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the bottom-left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 K is over there and R is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	right	1
1 N is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the lower right position to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 H is directly north west of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the top right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the left side of and below J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 H and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom H on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	above	1
1 G is directly below M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	above	1
1 L is south east of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 J and K are both there with the object J above the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	above	1
1 S is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 A and Z are side by side with A to the left and Z to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 K is positioned in the top left corner of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 A is below X and to the right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the left side and above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Z is over there and B is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	left	1
1 M is directly south west of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Y and L are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The objects Z and O are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	below	1
1 C is positioned above F and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 V is over there with U above.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	above	1
1 N is upper left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 H is below O and to the left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 R is at Ks 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	left	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the lower right position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 X is at S's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	right	1
1 U is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Z is lower right of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the bottom-left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Object S is above object V and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 U and Y are both there with the object U above the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	above	1
1 X is below and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	right	1
1 G is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 F is above V at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 T is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	below	1
1 L is directly below T.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	below	1
1 K and D are next to each other with D at the bottom K on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	above	1
1 J is north east of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 P is above I at 2 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the lower left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 B is under K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	above	1
1 Y is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	right	1
1 T is on the left and O is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object V and A are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 V is placed at the bottom of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	below	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	right	1
1 C is to the bottom left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	left	1
1 P is to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	left	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 T is positioned above K.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	above	1
1 M is above Y at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G and C are next to each other with C on the right and G on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	right	1
1 E is to the right of D horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	left	1
1 C is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	above	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The objects F and N are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the top position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 W is positioned above F and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the top side to F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	below	1
1 Object A is above object E and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	right	1
1 X is upper right to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting at the lower left position to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 S is placed at the bottom of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	above	1
1 O is above and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 K is over there and V is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 N is positioned down and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned below K and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 T and Y are parallel, and T on the right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 D is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the right side and below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 D presents left to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	left	1
1 J is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	above	1
1 Z is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 R and X are parallel, and X is below R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	above	1
1 I is sitting at the lower left position to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 N presents left to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	left	1
1 D and X are side by side with X at the bottom and D on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	below	1
1 Z and C are side by side with Z to the left and C to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	right	1
1 C is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 H and Z are horizontal and H is to the right of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	left	1
1 F is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the lower right of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 V and T are vertical and V is above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q is on the right side and top of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 J and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and J on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	left	1
1 U is on the left side and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 V is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 X and E are parallel, and X on the left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	right	1
1 Y and F are side by side with F at the bottom and Y on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object O is positioned directly above the object T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	below	1
1 R is placed at the upper right of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 U is north east of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 K and W are horizontal and K is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	left	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the bottom right of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Q is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	left	1
1 Q is to the top of M vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	below	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 W and N are next to each other with W on the left and N on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 D is directly above O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	below	1
1 R is positioned above J and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 I is lower right of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the left side of and below A.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 A is above and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned above Y and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 I is diagonally right and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 M presents lower right to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O and S are both there with the object O is to the left of object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	right	1
1 G is on top of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	above	1
1 S is to the upper left of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Z presents upper right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 N is directly south west of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally left and below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 R is directly north east of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 K is over there and F is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	right	1
1 Y is positioned above E and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed at the lower left of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 N is placed in the left direction of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	right	1
1 Z is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 J is south east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 L and R are next to each other with R at the bottom L on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	below	1
1 N is sitting at the top position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	below	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 O is above H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 O is over there and S is on the left of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	right	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	right	1
1 I is on top of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	above	1
1 O is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 N and M are next to each other with M on the right and N on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	right	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q is to the bottom left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Z is placed at the upper right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower left position to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 K and H are both there with the object K is to the right of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	right	1
1 F is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the left and I is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	right	1
1 I is sitting at the top position to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	above	1
1 K presents below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	above	1
1 F is north east of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the left side to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 Y and C are next to each other with Y on the left and C on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	right	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 W and G are next to each other with W on the left and G on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	right	1
1 I is over there and J is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 J is directly above A.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	above	1
1 J and Z are side by side with J to the right and Z to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	left	1
1 R presents lower right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Object Q is above object W and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 V and R are parallel, and V on the right of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the right and T is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	right	1
1 S is over P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	below	1
1 E is placed on the top of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	above	1
1 G and B are parallel, and G on the left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the top-right of V.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there and N is on the top of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 O and I are both there with the object I below the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	below	1
1 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	left	1
1 G is positioned above Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	below	1
1 I is below A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	below	1
1 Z is to the bottom-right of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 I presents lower left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 J is below R and to the left of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	left	1
1 O is sitting at the top position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	above	1
1 Q is over there with R below.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object E is positioned directly above the object R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 I is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the left of X horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	right	1
1 V is at the 6 o'clock position relative to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	above	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned left to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 B is over there and H is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 O is above T.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	above	1
1 J is over there with I above.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 O is placed at the lower left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T is directly north west of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	below	1
1 I is above A at 10 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed on the top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	above	1
1 T presents lower left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 U is lower right of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the lower right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 M and S are parallel, and M is to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 M is over there and O is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	right	1
1 C is positioned above E and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The objects T and A are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 D and U are horizontal and D is to the left of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	right	1
1 H presents left to N.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	left	1
1 I presents lower left to T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 B is sitting at the upper left position to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 T is below X at 4 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Z is north west of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 S is placed at the bottom of X.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	above	1
1 M is on the lower left of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the right and H is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	left	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower position to U.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	below	1
1 O and M are side by side with O to the left and M to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	right	1
1 The objects W and Z are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there and R is directly above it.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	below	1
1 L is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	left	1
1 S is at Ks 9 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 W and Q are horizontal and W is to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	right	1
1 The objects H and K are over there. The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Object P is below object E and to the left of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 O is directly above Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 H is at the bottom and D is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	below	1
1 K is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 C and P are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	right	1
1 Z is to the bottom right of T.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object G is positioned directly below the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	above	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	left	1
1 H is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	below	1
1 E presents upper right to M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Z and Q are in a vertical line with Z on top.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	above	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	right	1
1 P is at W's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	right	1
1 H is positioned below J and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally right and above D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	left	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 D is placed at the upper right of P.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 T is directly north east of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N presents upper right to I.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V is diagonally left and below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the left of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	left	1
1 N is to the left of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 A is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned left to Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	right	1
1 K is below A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	above	1
1 R is north west of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the right side and below Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 E is above K and to the right of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 K presents left to A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	right	1
1 The object K is positioned directly above the object O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 X is above and to the right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 K is positioned right to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	left	1
1 K is positioned below Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 A is to the top-right of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 U is at E's 12 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	above	1
1 D presents upper left to W.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 S is at the bottom of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	right	1
1 I is to the left of U horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	left	1
1 Q and K are both there with the object Q is to the left of object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	left	1
1 L is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 K is below F.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	below	1
1 Q is positioned above and to the left of J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	right	1
1 T presents lower left to J.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly below the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	above	1
1 The object E is positioned directly below the object K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 E and K are next to each other with E on the left and K on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	left	1
1 K and M are both there with the object K above the object M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	below	1
1 H is at the lower side of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	below	1
1 F is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 B is upper left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 P is diagonally right and above L.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 R is over there and E is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	right	1
1 I is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 N is over R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	below	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the right and M is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	left	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	right	1
1 W is diagonally left and below B.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 C is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 The objects Y and B are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting at the lower position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	above	1
1 O is placed at the upper left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 U and K are next to each other with K on the right and U on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	right	1
1 G is positioned above V and to the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	right	1
1 W is north east of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 N presents left to B.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	left	1
1 B is to the bottom-right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at E's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	above	1
1 R is over there and Q is on the right of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	right	1
1 C is below Q and to the left of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 K is below and to the left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	left	1
1 C is above Q and to the right of Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to L.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	left	1
1 N is north east of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the right side and below O.
2 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object D is positioned directly below the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	below	1
1 P and X are vertical and P is below X.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 N is on the left side and above Q.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 B is placed on the top of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 I is to the top right of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the right side to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	right	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is positioned directly above the object N.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the upper left position to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 O is directly north west of R.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	right	1
1 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	right	1
1 N is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 X presents over T.
2 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	below	1
1 E is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned below G.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	below	1
1 P is below and to the right of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	right	1
1 V is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	right	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 U presents left to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	left	1
1 Z and M are parallel, and Z is on top of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	below	1
1 W is above C and to the left of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 A is placed in the left direction of F.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	left	1
1 U is above G and to the left of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 T is under P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is above H and to the left of H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Q is upper right to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned above W and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 L is below and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 A is under J.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
2 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the top of Y vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	above	1
1 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the upper right of O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 I is directly north west of S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	above	1
1 Z and W are parallel, and Z is to the left of W.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	left	1
1 K is above A and to the right of A.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 X is placed at the upper left of E.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting at the lower position to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 P is below and to the right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned below Q and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 D is above U with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 V and N are next to each other with N on the right and V on the left.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object Q and J are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 K presents upper left to P.
2 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 N is upper right to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 X is below and to the right of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned above and to the left of I.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there and Q is directly below it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	below	1
1 E is above and to the right of G.
2 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P is at X's 6 o'clock.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	above	1
1 K is placed in the left direction of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	left	1
1 I and M are in a vertical line with M below I.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	below	1
1 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 W is sitting at the lower right position to G.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 U is over Z.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	above	1
1 P is to the top of S vertically.
2 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	below	1
1 V is above and to the right of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
2 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	above	1
1 Z is on the left side to D.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	left	1
1 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to O.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	left	1
1 L is on the left and Z is on the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is above L and to the left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Object X is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Q is north west of K.
2 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the top of L and is on the same vertical plane.
2 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 A is positioned above I and to the right.
2 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object U.
2 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the right of Z horizontally.
2 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	left	1
1 J is to the top-right of N.
2 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Y is upper left of L.
2 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of D.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object H.
2 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned in the front right corner of M.
2 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned in the lower left corner of C.
2 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the bottom and D is on the top.
2 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	above	1
1 W is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
2 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	below	1
1 S is to the bottom left of B.
2 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-right	1
