1 S is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 X and H are parallel, and X is over H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	left	1
1 O is over there with N above.
2 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 U is above K with a small gap between them.
2 F is diagonally right and above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 E and S are horizontal and E is to the right of S.
2 Object J is below object S and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	right	1
1 I is positioned below Q.
2 M is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	above	1
1 K is placed at the upper left of A.
2 N is on the top side to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	below	1
1 J and Y are side by side with J on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 B is placed at the upper left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the upper right of C.
2 C is south west of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 D presents upper left to Y.
2 D is to the top of I vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	above	1
1 A is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 M is placed on the top of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 M is at the bottom of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 K is to the upper left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 G is at K's 6 o'clock.
2 K and F are parallel, and K is on top of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	above	1
1 A is placed in the left direction of G.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 A is to the upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there with R above.
2 R is at W’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	left	1
1 K presents lower right to R.
2 Y is on the top side to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P is below and to the left of X.
2 X is to the bottom-right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	below	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
2 V and R are parallel, and V is to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	right	1
1 O is at the bottom and J is on the top.
2 J is below and to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T is at G’s 9 o'clock.
2 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 I is at the bottom of R vertically.
2 R presents lower left to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 H is on top of O.
2 Object O is above object E and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the upper left of E.
2 X is to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 E presents upper left to R.
2 If P is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	right	1
1 S is to the bottom-right of L.
2 S is positioned above Z and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is over there and V is on the right.
2 V is diagonally right and above E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	above	1
1 C is to the upper left of D.
2 G presents upper right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the bottom right of I.
2 M is below P at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	below	1
1 M is diagonally left and above M.
2 X is on the right side and top of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 A is on the left side and above N.
2 N is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	left	1
1 Object S is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 N is over B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	below	1
1 V and H are next to each other with H on the right and V on the left.
2 T is at H's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 C and M are side by side with C to the right and M to the left.
2 R is to the left of C horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	left	1
1 C and A are parallel, and C is to the left of A.
2 A is over there and Z is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	right	1
1 U is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 Q is directly north west of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	left	1
1 I is over there and C is on the right of it.
2 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned above and to the left of G.
2 A is to the upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The objects V and U are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 U is directly below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 E and X are both there with the object E is to the right of object X.
2 X is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	right	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
2 G is sitting at the lower left position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 U and M are next to each other with M at the bottom U on the top.
2 V is above and to the right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 F is above Q and to the right of Q.
2 J is placed in the left direction of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R is placed at the lower right of Y.
2 R is over there and H is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 B and G are parallel, and B is over G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	right	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
2 J presents right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	above	1
1 K is positioned above T.
2 Z is directly north west of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B is south east of I.
2 C is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Q presents lower left to B.
2 Q is diagonally right and below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 I is over there and B is on the right.
2 J presents over I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 X is above F and to the left of F.
2 X is to the bottom-left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower left position to F.
2 T is over there and F is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned below G.
2 G presents upper left to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 X is south west of V.
2 X and P are in a vertical line with P below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 D is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 D is above O and to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 D is upper right to T.
2 I is positioned in the lower right corner of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	left	1
1 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
2 V is directly north east of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	right	1
1 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 M presents lower right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the top-left of X.
2 T is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 A is below V and to the left of V.
2 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object C.
2 C is to the upper left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	left	1
1 F is on the left and O is on the right.
2 F is placed at the lower left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 W is placed at the bottom of P.
2 W is on the lower right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object P and to the right of it, too.
2 P is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 O is directly below Z.
2 U is over Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	below	1
1 H and X are parallel, and H is to the right of X.
2 H is below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the upper right position to J.
2 W is to the right of I horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 V is over there with F below.
2 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 B is above and to the right of Q.
2 B and O are both there with the object B is to the left of object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 T is to the bottom-right of C.
2 F is at C's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N and C are vertical and N is above C.
2 N and I are both there with the object N is to the right of object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 U is above and to the left of V.
2 A is above V at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 J is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face J.
2 I is upper right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 A is at V’s 9 o'clock.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 P is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Object H is below object N and to the left of it, too.
2 The object H and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 U is above Z at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting in the right direction of B.
2 S is positioned below E and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	below	1
1 E is above and to the right of J.
2 E is north west of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
2 A is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object B and X are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 B is above U and to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 X is over there and J is on the top of it.
2 T is to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 W is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	left	1
1 G is over there and A is directly below it.
2 L is diagonally above G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 X is positioned below E.
2 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T and M are parallel, and T is to the right of M.
2 U is over there and T is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	right	1
1 K is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 P is upper left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 K is lower left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
2 L is over there and T is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	left	1
1 T is north east of G.
2 V is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Object X is below object K and to the right of it, too.
2 X is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned above U.
2 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The objects Q and N are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 Q and Z are side by side with Q on the top and Z at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
2 J is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
2 V is above X at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower right position to N.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	above	1
1 Y is above L and to the left of L.
2 E is at the bottom of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 A is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
2 O is to the top-right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the upper left of R.
2 L presents lower left to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 J is directly north east of N.
2 J is over X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	below	1
1 J is above N at 10 o'clock.
2 N is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the upper right position to T.
2 If W is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 F is over there and Z is on the right.
2 E and F are both there with the object E is to the right of object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	left	1
1 W is directly below K.
2 W and T are both there with the object W is to the left of object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	right	1
1 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
2 F is upper left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
2 L is on the upper right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 H and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
2 H and F are next to each other with F at the bottom H on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Z and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
2 The object V and J are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The objects H and I are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 T is diagonally to the upper right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 D is upper left of T.
2 D is on the left side of and below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 A and F are parallel, and A is on top of F.
2 A is on the top and H is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 S is below W with a small gap between them.
2 Q presents right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	left	1
1 C and F are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
2 C is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	left	1
1 K is above and to the left of G.
2 The objects I and G are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the upper left of P.
2 The objects H and T are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 J is at N's 12 o'clock.
2 Y is positioned above N and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	right	1
1 V is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 K is at the lower side of Q.
2 S is above K with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 K and P are vertical and K is below P.
2 K is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	below	1
1 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 G is to the top-right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	left	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
2 Z is to the top-left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of I.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned right to T.
2 V is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	right	1
1 M is placed at the upper right of N.
2 M and H are side by side with M to the left and H to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	left	1
1 X is placed at the upper right of D.
2 N and D are side by side with D at the bottom and N on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 J and B are both there with the object J is to the left of object B.
2 J is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 I and S are parallel, and I on the left of S.
2 G is sitting in the left direction of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	right	1
1 E is under J.
2 J presents left to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the lower right of P.
2 P is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 D is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 O and Q are in a vertical line with O on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 L and A are parallel, and L on the right of A.
2 L is on the right side and top of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 Z is positioned down and to the left of I.
2 C is to the bottom right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 V presents upper left to D.
2 O is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 F is over there with J below.
2 N is sitting at the lower left position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 A is at L’s 9 o'clock.
2 A is positioned above and to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Object F is below object V and to the left of it, too.
2 N is diagonally above V to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 D is over there and C is directly above it.
2 L is sitting at the lower left position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	above	1
1 E is placed at the lower left of Z.
2 I is south east of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J and V are parallel, and J is under V.
2 V is to the bottom left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Object Q is below object L and to the left of it, too.
2 L is to the top of X vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of E.
2 E is directly above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 Object W is below object X and to the right of it, too.
2 W and Y are both there with the object W is to the left of object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the right side to T.
2 T is above and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	below	1
1 J is positioned above and to the left of R.
2 N presents upper right to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
2 N is directly south west of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 R is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
2 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the lower right of U.
2 U is on the right side and below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 L is over there and Q is on the left.
2 L is sitting at the upper left position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 E is on top of U.
2 U is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	right	1
1 Y and D are side by side with Y to the left and D to the right.
2 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	left	1
1 I and N are both there with the object I above the object N.
2 T is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of D.
2 F and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper left of R.
2 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	below	1
1 P is north east of L.
2 Y is directly below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the left of R horizontally.
2 R is on top of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 U and T are parallel, and U is to the left of T.
2 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	right	1
1 E is sitting at the upper right position to B.
2 E is below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	above	1
1 A is to the bottom left of S.
2 S is above and to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 O is positioned left to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	right	1
1 O is on the left side to S.
2 D is over there and O is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	right	1
1 O is below and to the left of J.
2 O is sitting in the right direction of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Object W is below object H and to the right of it, too.
2 Y is above W at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 T and E are side by side with T to the left and E to the right.
2 O is over there and E is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	below	1
1 R is positioned in the top left corner of B.
2 The object B and V are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 H is above D with a small gap between them.
2 D is sitting at the lower position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 B and U are both there with the object B is to the right of object U.
2 B and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 Q is on the left and R is on the right.
2 Q is over there and K is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	above	1
1 A is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face A.
2 H is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 Y is on the left and P is on the right.
2 T is below P at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	right	1
1 M is to the upper left of J.
2 J is lower left to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
2 C is to the top-right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	right	1
1 H is directly north west of Q.
2 Q is upper right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	above	1
1 B is to the top-right of R.
2 N is positioned above R and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
2 A is south east of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 K and W are parallel, and K on the right of W.
2 K is positioned below I and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there and K is directly above it.
2 K is below and to the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 The object V is positioned directly above the object G.
2 G and T are parallel, and G is to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
2 C is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object U.
2 U presents right to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the upper left of F.
2 Z is placed at the upper left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Object W is above object B and to the left of it, too.
2 B and V are both there with the object B is to the right of object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Z is over there and C is on the left.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	right	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
2 N is diagonally left and above N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 V is directly above S.
2 V presents lower left to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the right of J horizontally.
2 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	left	1
1 R is diagonally right and above M.
2 A is placed at the upper right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 O is upper right to D.
2 Object A is below object O and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 7 and 8.
2 F is positioned below Z and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
2 L is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 The object O and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 A is sitting at the top position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the top position to I.
2 The object T is positioned directly below the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	above	1
1 L is sitting at the upper right position to K.
2 R is sitting at the lower left position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
2 K is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
2 Y and M are parallel, and Y is to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	above	1
1 B is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
2 X and D are parallel, and X is under D.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 The object B and M are there. The object M is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 C is directly below B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	above	1
1 R is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 G presents below A.
2 Object R is below object A and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 Q and K are in a vertical line with Q on top.
2 S is to the right of Q horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the left and W is on the right.
2 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	below	1
1 M is to the left of K horizontally.
2 Z is to the right of K horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	right	1
1 L is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 G and R are next to each other with G on the left and R on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the right side and below S.
2 Z is diagonally to the upper right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the left and C is on the right.
2 B is diagonally right and above P.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the top side to Q.
2 R is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	above	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
2 V is sitting at the upper right position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	left	1
1 F is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Object L is above object F and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
2 N is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
2 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
2 K is to the top-right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
2 R is positioned left to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	left	1
1 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 D and S are next to each other with D on the top and S at the bottom.
2 D is on the right side to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 M is below E with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 J is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face J.
2 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	right	1
1 D is diagonally right and above Q.
2 Q is over Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
2 R is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	left	1
1 G is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 N is above and to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the top-right of W.
2 R is at the bottom and W is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 O is upper left of C.
2 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
2 W is upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 Q and I are next to each other with Q on the left and I on the right.
2 I is to the bottom right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 N and Q are both there with the object N is to the left of object Q.
2 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 N is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 A is on the same vertical plane directly above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	below	1
1 K is under O.
2 K is south west of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 M is diagonally right and above O.
2 O is diagonally right and below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E and K are vertical and E is below K.
2 R is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	below	1
1 L and A are parallel, and L on the right of A.
2 L presents upper right to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 X presents upper left to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 C is north west of A.
2 A is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 T and Y are horizontal and T is to the left of Y.
2 F is positioned right to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 R is placed at the lower left of N.
2 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
2 S and O are side by side with S to the left and O to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	right	1
1 Q presents over H.
2 The object Q is positioned directly below the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	below	1
1 I is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
2 I is positioned left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting in the right direction of Z.
2 A presents over Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	left	1
1 R is below L at 7 o'clock.
2 V is at L’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	left	1
1 A is to the bottom-right of Z.
2 A is at H’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 S is at B’s 9 o'clock.
2 H is on the right side and below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
2 V is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the upper right of A.
2 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	right	1
1 B is over there with D below.
2 B is on the right side to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
2 C is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	left	1
1 U is directly north east of G.
2 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	left	1
1 S and J are horizontal and S is to the right of J.
2 P and J are next to each other with P on the top and J at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	below	1
1 M is placed at the upper right of E.
2 Y is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
2 L is directly above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	below	1
1 I and T are next to each other with T at the bottom I on the top.
2 M is below I at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object G is positioned directly below the object B.
2 K and G are both there with the object K is to the right of object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	left	1
1 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
2 D is placed in the left direction of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	right	1
1 M is on the right and O is on the left.
2 A is positioned down and to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
2 G is above Q and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally right and above W.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the right and Y is on the left.
2 B is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 Object O is above object J and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 D and Z are both there with the object D above the object Z.
2 Y is to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Z is at X's 12 o'clock.
2 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	below	1
1 R is diagonally left and above R.
2 G and R are side by side with G to the left and R to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
2 K is on top of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	below	1
1 C and G are both there with the object C above the object G.
2 Q presents over G.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	above	1
1 B and U are side by side with B to the right and U to the left.
2 Y and U are next to each other with U on the right and Y on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 V is to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	right	1
1 O is positioned below and to the right of U.
2 O and K are parallel, and O is over K.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 D is below C at 4 o'clock.
2 D is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 M is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 E and M are side by side with M at the bottom and E on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	left	1
1 C and J are in a vertical line with J below C.
2 F is over there and J is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	left	1
1 A is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 A is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 W is below and to the left of D.
2 D is positioned below P and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Q and B are side by side with Q to the right and B to the left.
2 N is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	above	1
1 Q is to the bottom right of X.
2 X presents lower right to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 D is below and to the right of M.
2 C is on the top and D is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	right	1
1 G is below and to the left of Y.
2 G is at O's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 G is placed at the lower left of E.
2 I is to the bottom right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	above	1
1 E is placed on the top of Y.
2 R is to the right of E horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the upper left of W.
2 Y is below B and to the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 T is at A’s 9 o'clock.
2 Object A is below object D and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
2 J is to the upper left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	right	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
2 C is to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object O is positioned directly below the object S.
2 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 G and P are side by side with G to the left and P to the right.
2 B is at the lower side of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 U is placed at the bottom of M.
2 G is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
2 B is sitting at the lower position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	below	1
1 F and D are parallel, and F is under D.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, L is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
2 K is positioned below and to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	right	1
1 U is to the top-left of N.
2 N is positioned above X and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 A and J are parallel, and A is under J.
2 J is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is positioned above W and to the left.
2 W is below I at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 V and K are side by side with V to the left and K to the right.
2 K is sitting at the upper left position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned below T.
2 D is positioned below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	below	1
1 B and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
2 C is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The objects K and Z are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 P is above Z and to the left of Z.
2 M is above and to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 R is below B at 7 o'clock.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	left	1
1 E is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 E is on the right side to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the bottom-right of O.
2 The object Q and O are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 I is over there and L is on the right.
2 L is to the upper left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 C and G are horizontal and C is to the right of G.
2 G is sitting in the right direction of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 K is on the right side and below Z.
2 R is diagonally to the upper left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 P is at E’s 9 o'clock.
2 D is lower right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	right	1
1 F is to the top right of Y.
2 F is directly above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	left	1
1 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 I is sitting at the lower position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
2 H is below M at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 T is sitting at the lower right position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	left	1
1 Z is at R's 6 o'clock.
2 R is on the top side to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	below	1
1 S is placed in the left direction of V.
2 E is below S with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 S is over there and G is on the right.
2 I is at the bottom of G vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the left of C.
2 The object C is positioned directly below the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 Y is on the left side and above I.
2 Z is positioned above and to the left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled C.
2 S is on the top side to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	below	1
1 S is diagonally right and above U.
2 S is to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	left	1
1 Z is over there with P below.
2 P is under K.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 O is positioned in the top left corner of H.
2 E is to the upper left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Y presents below H.
2 Y is on the left and X is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object U is positioned directly above the object S.
2 R and U are side by side with R to the right and U to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 B is positioned above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 T and K are next to each other with T on the top and K at the bottom.
2 Z is positioned above T.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	below	1
1 H is below K with a small gap between them.
2 L is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	below	1
1 P is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 X is diagonally left and above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 F and N are vertical and F is above N.
2 The objects Z and F are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
2 O and E are parallel, and E is below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	right	1
1 P is over there and C is directly below it.
2 E and P are parallel, and E is under P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	above	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
2 V and Z are side by side with V to the right and Z to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 E is north west of S.
2 T is to the bottom-right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is positioned directly below the object E.
2 U presents right to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned in the front right corner of E.
2 P is south east of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	above	1
1 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
2 F is positioned above and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned below D and to the left.
2 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	right	1
1 J presents lower right to Z.
2 Y is above J at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 The object P is positioned directly below the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 G is above X at 10 o'clock.
2 G and M are both there with the object G is to the left of object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	left	1
1 Y and I are side by side with Y on the top and I at the bottom.
2 S is over there and Y is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
2 Z is on the left and F is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed at the upper right of X.
2 G is below and to the left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 X is over there and H is directly below it.
2 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 Q is placed at the lower left of Y.
2 T is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
2 T is lower left to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 M presents below P.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 H is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 L is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 Z is diagonally left and below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper left of O.
2 If J is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned right to P.
2 G is positioned above P and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	left	1
1 L is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
2 H is positioned up and to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower left position to P.
2 L is on the top side to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	above	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
2 H is placed on the top of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	above	1
1 V is placed at the upper right of N.
2 N and E are parallel, and N on the left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	above	1
1 W is positioned above G and to the left.
2 G is sitting in the right direction of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	left	1
1 Object I is below object W and to the left of it, too.
2 C is to the upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 G is above X at 10 o'clock.
2 P is at the lower side of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower position to R.
2 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned down and to the left of B.
2 X and B are in a vertical line with B below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned below N.
2 Y is above L at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 R is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
2 K is below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	above	1
1 A and V are both there with the object A is to the left of object V.
2 V and D are parallel, and V on the left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	left	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 O is over there and T is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 I is above and to the left of S.
2 H is placed at the upper left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 U and X are side by side with U on the top and X at the bottom.
2 X is north east of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the upper right of J.
2 C and J are in a vertical line with C on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	right	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
2 E and N are parallel, and E is to the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	right	1
1 N is at the bottom of W.
2 B and N are side by side with B to the right and N to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	right	1
1 R is on the left and K is on the right.
2 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	left	1
1 O and U are both there with the object O above the object U.
2 O presents upper left to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 O is above A and to the left of A.
2 E is positioned above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned in the lower right corner of Q.
2 B is positioned below and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 K is above H and to the right of H.
2 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 V and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
2 R is directly south west of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 R and A are horizontal and R is to the right of A.
2 A is south west of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	left	1
1 T presents left to D.
2 F is above T at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
2 L is above and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 W and C are parallel, and W on the right of C.
2 Z is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 I and F are both there with the object I is to the left of object F.
2 X is south west of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	left	1
1 J and N are parallel, and J on the right of N.
2 J is over there and X is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	left	1
1 H is placed in the right direction of K.
2 A is directly south east of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	left	1
1 Z is over there and M is at the bottom of it.
2 Z is placed at the upper left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 P presents upper left to M.
2 M is to the upper left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Y and D are side by side with D at the bottom and Y on the top.
2 G is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 R is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
2 U is above M.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 The object D is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	above	1
1 P is placed in the left direction of J.
2 J and H are both there with the object H below the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 N is sitting at the upper left position to F.
2 N is diagonally left and above N.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 F is above G at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 B is positioned left to L.
2 L and V are vertical and L is below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned up and to the right of C.
2 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
2 D is above R at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 B presents lower right to W.
2 W is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	below	1
1 R is positioned below Z.
2 R and J are vertical and R is below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
2 T and P are in a vertical line with P below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	right	1
1 Q is at the lower side of U.
2 A is to the top-right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
2 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 M is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	below	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
2 H is to the top of K vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 Q is positioned above and to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper right of X.
2 Z is to the top of A vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	above	1
1 N is directly south east of W.
2 O is over there with W above.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower position to Z.
2 I is below Q at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object M is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
2 M is on the right side to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Q and B are parallel, and Q is on top of B.
2 L is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	below	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
2 M is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 C is over there with U below.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	above	1
1 V and P are horizontal and V is to the left of P.
2 Y is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 X and F are in a vertical line with F below X.
2 U is directly above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	above	1
1 N is to the top of E vertically.
2 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	above	1
1 H presents below C.
2 P and C are parallel, and P is to the right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 B is to the bottom left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Y presents upper left to E.
2 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	left	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
2 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned below and to the right of Q.
2 Q is diagonally right and above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 X is at the bottom of T vertically.
2 T is at K's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 L is placed in the left direction of P.
2 L is positioned in the front right corner of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 H is over there and Y is on the left.
2 D is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 Q is above F at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned down and to the left of T.
2 N presents right to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
2 V and U are side by side with V to the left and U to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	left	1
1 K is diagonally right and below S.
2 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
2 B is to the top right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	right	1
1 Q is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 Q is to the bottom right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 M is directly south west of L.
2 L is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 The objects B and F are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 B and J are side by side with B to the right and J to the left.
2 A and B are parallel, and A is over B.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	left	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
2 D is placed in the right direction of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 W and Z are parallel, and W is to the left of Z.
2 P is diagonally to the upper right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	right	1
1 G is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 B and I are parallel, and B is under I.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 S is under M.
2 V is above M at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
2 D and T are side by side with D on the top and T at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	above	1
1 H is above C with a small gap between them.
2 C is to the bottom left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
2 The object labeled O is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Q is sitting at the top position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	above	1
1 U is over there and X is directly above it.
2 X is placed in the right direction of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
2 D and W are parallel, and D on the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 H and G are side by side with H to the left and G to the right.
2 O is upper right to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 Z is under T.
2 B is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	right	1
1 D presents lower left to T.
2 D and K are side by side with D to the right and K to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	right	1
1 F and Q are horizontal and F is to the right of Q.
2 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	right	1
1 E is at X’s 9 o'clock.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	right	1
1 A and Y are side by side with A on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 A is diagonally left and above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	right	1
1 U is diagonally left and above U.
2 T and O are side by side with T to the left and O to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 J and X are parallel, and J is to the left of X.
2 The object U and J are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 X and V are both there with the object X above the object V.
2 U is positioned below X and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	left	1
1 M is above Y and to the left of Y.
2 V is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	right	1
1 K and C are next to each other with K on the left and C on the right.
2 J and K are parallel, and J is to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	left	1
1 M is over there and G is on the left of it.
2 M is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	above	1
1 R is below and to the right of Q.
2 The object Q and A are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O is under S.
2 S is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T presents right to P.
2 P is on the left and V is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 T is sitting at the lower position to M.
2 T is on the left side and above P.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 X is sitting at the lower position to W.
2 W is sitting at the lower position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	above	1
1 X is south west of A.
2 A is over there and N is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 F presents lower right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 K is placed at the lower right of Q.
2 Q and O are vertical and Q is below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned below U and to the right.
2 E is to the top right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	above	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of U.
2 W is under O.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	left	1
1 F is over there and R is on the left.
2 F is to the upper left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed on the top of S.
2 S is on the upper right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V is south east of Y.
2 L is above and to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 M and S are horizontal and M is to the left of S.
2 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 H is at the bottom and A is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 M presents left to E.
2 F is on the left side of and below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	below	1
1 U is at the bottom of O.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 Q presents lower left to B.
2 Q presents lower left to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 U and B are vertical and U is below B.
2 U is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	left	1
1 L and J are horizontal and L is to the right of J.
2 N is on the left and L is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 B is below and to the left of Z.
2 Z is diagonally right and above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 R is on the left side of and below G.
2 G is placed at the upper right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Z and B are vertical and Z is above B.
2 B is below and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned above J and to the right.
2 Q is below and to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the left side and above G.
2 G is positioned above D and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
2 The objects V and P are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 U is directly below Q.
2 N is diagonally right and above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 L is over there and Y is on the left of it.
2 L is over H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	left	1
1 L is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 C is sitting in the left direction of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	left	1
1 N is directly south west of Q.
2 N is to the left of X horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	right	1
1 Object U is below object M and to the left of it, too.
2 C is on the left side of and below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 E and Q are parallel, and E on the right of Q.
2 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned in the lower left corner of A.
2 P is below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M and B are parallel, and M on the right of B.
2 B is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	below	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower righthand corner.
2 B is over C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 Object C is above object H and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the lower left of I.
2 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 W is to the top-right of D.
2 O and W are parallel, and O is on top of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
2 G is on the top and E is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	above	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
2 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 Z is positioned below and to the right of O.
2 J is to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	left	1
1 E is above and to the right of Z.
2 J is under Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 F is diagonally left and above F.
2 Q is to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	left	1
1 T is above and to the right of Y.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K is sitting at the upper left position to D.
2 K is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	above	1
1 L is south west of D.
2 M is positioned up and to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 M is south west of P.
2 K is sitting at the top position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
2 N is to the bottom-left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	right	1
1 N is below C and to the right of C.
2 The object F is positioned directly above the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	below	1
1 M is directly south west of N.
2 H is at N’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	above	1
1 H is placed at the lower right of A.
2 Q and A are in a vertical line with Q on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 H is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
2 O is above S and to the right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 D is at the bottom of U.
2 O is sitting at the upper left position to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	above	1
1 H is to the bottom-right of J.
2 Object J is above object C and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 V is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 T is over there and C is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 W and V are parallel, and W on the left of V.
2 O is to the left of W horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	left	1
1 X is positioned above P and to the left.
2 R is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The objects E and K are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 K and U are vertical and K is above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	above	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of C.
2 Q is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	left	1
1 D is below and to the right of K.
2 K and U are parallel, and K is to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	left	1
1 B is below V with a small gap between them.
2 A and B are horizontal and A is to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
2 The object H is positioned directly above the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 W and V are next to each other with V at the bottom W on the top.
2 V is at the lower side of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
2 A is below L at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned below D and to the left.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally right and below O.
2 O is lower right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 E is over there and D is on the top of it.
2 D is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	left	1
1 D is over there and X is directly below it.
2 Y presents over X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	below	1
1 P is below A at 7 o'clock.
2 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 F and L are next to each other with L at the bottom F on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 Object L is above object F and to the left of it, too.
2 U is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of T.
2 T is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
2 N and D are both there with the object N is to the right of object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	below	1
1 X is directly north west of Y.
2 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
2 T is at F's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 D is over O.
2 R is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	left	1
1 T is directly south east of E.
2 E is at the bottom of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned in the lower left corner of J.
2 R is to the top-left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	above	1
1 S is to the right of G.
2 J is to the upper left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 D is over there and E is directly above it.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 X and L are side by side with L at the bottom and X on the top.
2 L presents lower left to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	left	1
1 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
2 G is there and X is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 Object A is below object V and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is lower right of D.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 T is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 D is to the bottom left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	right	1
1 E is on the lower left of L.
2 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 U is placed at the lower left of O.
2 The object E and O are there. The object E is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	left	1
1 The object N is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 B is positioned in the lower right corner of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 N is at G's 3 o'clock.
2 C is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 The object W is positioned directly above the object S.
2 G is on the right side and top of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned below and to the right of T.
2 B is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	above	1
1 K is on the left and T is on the right.
2 K and O are both there with the object K is to the right of object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 L is above B at 2 o'clock.
2 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 G is placed at the lower right of E.
2 W is above E at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
2 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	below	1
1 U is on the right side and below E.
2 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
2 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 G is above and to the right of O.
2 L is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 A is diagonally left and above A.
2 Z is to the top of P vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
2 L is over A.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	left	1
1 S and B are vertical and S is below B.
2 P is over there and B is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	above	1
1 The objects F and T are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 T is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 H is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	above	1
1 E is to the top right of Y.
2 The object S and Y are there. The object Y is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 Z is at F’s 9 o'clock.
2 C is upper left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 X is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
2 I presents lower right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the lower right position to P.
2 H is sitting at the lower right position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 I is above T.
2 P is on top of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	below	1
1 Y is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 O is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 J and B are vertical and J is below B.
2 G presents upper right to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 U is over there and I is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	right	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of B.
2 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	above	1
1 T is placed at the bottom of G.
2 I is to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 Object Y is below object A and to the left of it, too.
2 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 N is north east of Q.
2 N and C are side by side with N to the left and C to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	left	1
1 F is on the left side to Z.
2 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is to the right of O horizontally.
2 O is above S at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	left	1
1 N is on the right and M is on the left.
2 C presents lower left to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned up and to the right of W.
2 S is below L and to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
2 T presents right to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	below	1
1 F and K are in a vertical line with F on top.
2 G is positioned below K and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 X and Y are vertical and X is above Y.
2 Object X is below object W and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 F and U are vertical and F is above U.
2 H presents right to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	right	1
1 S and F are both there with the object F below the object S.
2 The object S is positioned above and to the left of object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 G is above and to the left of L.
2 J is directly south east of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 L and J are parallel, and L is on top of J.
2 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 V is placed in the left direction of U.
2 T presents lower right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	below	1
1 N and L are in a vertical line with N on top.
2 L and O are parallel, and L on the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the left and A is on the right.
2 A is above and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	right	1
1 O is diagonally left and above O.
2 N is at M's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
2 L is to the top-right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 D is directly below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Q and R are parallel, and Q is over R.
2 L is to the upper left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	below	1
1 V is to the top-left of E.
2 L is below and to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the right and V is on the left.
2 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	right	1
1 S is positioned right to Y.
2 The objects X and Y are over there. The object X is above and slightly to the right of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	above	1
1 T is placed at the upper right of P.
2 O is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object J and to the right of it, too.
2 J is diagonally left and above J.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	right	1
1 I is diagonally left and below K.
2 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 Y is below Q.
2 Q is on the left side and above H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	below	1
1 M is directly north east of H.
2 T is upper right to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 L and P are both there with the object L is to the right of object P.
2 I is to the top-left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	below	1
1 Y is above E.
2 M is upper left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 U is over there with Q above.
2 L is to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	above	1
1 Object A is below object M and to the right of it, too.
2 O is at M's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 D is at the bottom of F.
2 A is above and to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	above	1
1 D is on the lower left of O.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	right	1
1 N and F are parallel, and N is on top of F.
2 N is to the top right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	left	1
1 I and E are parallel, and I on the left of E.
2 I is over there and V is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	right	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
2 I is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 O is over there and U is directly below it.
2 D is positioned above U and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 D is to the bottom-left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 S is positioned above E and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 E and Z are horizontal and E is to the left of Z.
2 Y is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting at the upper right position to K.
2 K is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
2 Q and B are side by side with Q to the left and B to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Object M is above object B and to the left of it, too.
2 I presents over M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 V is north east of Y.
2 Y is on the left side and above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the upper left of B.
2 The object T is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 M is above K and to the left of K.
2 M is positioned right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 V and H are parallel, and V is under H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	left	1
1 W is sitting in the left direction of J.
2 R is above W and to the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	left	1
1 G is over there and A is on the top of it.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 M is over there with J below.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 R is positioned left to T.
2 F is above T with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 A is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 P and D are parallel, and P on the left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the top of U vertically.
2 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
2 E and I are next to each other with I at the bottom E on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 X is diagonally right and above D.
2 X and U are side by side with X to the right and U to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	above	1
1 B is directly south east of F.
2 K and B are side by side with B at the bottom and K on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	above	1
1 H and C are parallel, and H is on top of C.
2 C is over there and D is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 S is on the right and D is on the left.
2 J is to the top of S vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	left	1
1 M is at Q's 6 o'clock.
2 Q presents over L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	above	1
1 Z is under D.
2 H and D are parallel, and H on the left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	right	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
2 Y is to the top right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object U and X are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 S is sitting at the lower position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	above	1
1 F presents left to P.
2 F is positioned above and to the left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 G is positioned above and to the left of I.
2 G is positioned down and to the left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	above	1
1 X and K are in a vertical line with K below X.
2 I is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	above	1
1 B is on top of P.
2 F and B are both there with the object F is to the left of object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	left	1
1 X is upper left of P.
2 X is diagonally above Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the left of S horizontally.
2 M is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 O is placed at the upper right of Y.
2 U is diagonally to the upper right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 B is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 V and E are in a vertical line with E below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	right	1
1 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 Object B is below object H and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	below	1
1 B is below S at 7 o'clock.
2 B is sitting at the lower left position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
2 R and L are both there with the object R is to the left of object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 Z is lower left to M.
2 Z is below and to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 M is directly south west of S.
2 M is to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	right	1
1 I is above O and to the left of O.
2 U is south east of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Object V is below object R and to the left of it, too.
2 Z is placed at the upper right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 N is at the bottom and J is on the top.
2 J is to the bottom-right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 H is north west of Q.
2 Y and Q are next to each other with Y on the top and Q at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 K is on the lower left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is diagonally below K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	right	1
1 E and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and E on the top.
2 B is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 C and L are parallel, and C on the left of L.
2 Z is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	left	1
1 Y is on the right side and below A.
2 B is positioned above and to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 H is below R at 4 o'clock.
2 Q is over there and H is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 W and G are side by side with W on the top and G at the bottom.
2 G and B are parallel, and G is under B.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 W is directly south east of F.
2 W and H are parallel, and W is to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 K is sitting at the lower right position to S.
2 K is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 C is placed at the upper left of U.
2 P is below and to the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	above	1
1 A is on the right side and below F.
2 F is over P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	left	1
1 A is above and to the left of G.
2 A is to the bottom left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 F is sitting at the lower position to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 H is directly north west of P.
2 H and B are in a vertical line with H on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	left	1
1 N is to the right of K.
2 P is at the bottom of K and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	above	1
1 Q is south east of R.
2 R is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 R and G are parallel, and G is below R.
2 G is above O with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	below	1
1 O and B are side by side with O to the left and B to the right.
2 Y is directly south west of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned below Q and to the left.
2 W is on the lower right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the lower right position to N.
2 K is at N's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	right	1
1 U is directly south west of P.
2 P is positioned in the top left corner of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	left	1
1 T and I are parallel, and T on the left of I.
2 I is at G's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	left	1
1 P is directly south west of B.
2 W presents upper right to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the left and Z is on the right.
2 Z is north east of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	right	1
1 Q and D are next to each other with Q on the left and D on the right.
2 D is upper right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 C is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
2 B is north east of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 N is upper left of W.
2 K is at the bottom and N is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J is at the lower side of X.
2 K and J are vertical and K is above J.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 M is placed in the left direction of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally right and above U.
2 Y and D are vertical and Y is above D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 D and P are parallel, and D is over P.
2 A is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	above	1
1 J and T are parallel, and J is to the right of T.
2 N and J are parallel, and J is below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is north west of H.
2 H is above E at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Z is above I and to the right of I.
2 I is placed at the upper left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	above	1
1 The objects A and F are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 A is positioned above and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	below	1
1 Y is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 G and O are parallel, and G is over O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	right	1
1 A and P are parallel, and A on the left of P.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	right	1
1 A and L are in a vertical line with L below A.
2 L is positioned down and to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	above	1
1 P is placed at the bottom of E.
2 P is over there and Q is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	below	1
1 L is to the top right of C.
2 Q and C are both there with the object Q is to the right of object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed at the upper left of Z.
2 N is directly below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 X and Q are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	right	1
1 T is to the top-left of O.
2 The object T is positioned directly above the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	left	1
1 G is above S at 2 o'clock.
2 N is diagonally left and above N.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 G and K are in a vertical line with K below G.
2 W is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	above	1
1 L is above and to the right of N.
2 S is placed at the upper right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
2 G and C are side by side with G to the right and C to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	above	1
1 D is above and to the left of F.
2 Y is over D.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of N.
2 R is upper right to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the bottom-left of P.
2 P is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 F and B are parallel, and F is under B.
2 X and F are both there with the object X is to the left of object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	right	1
1 The objects A and M are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 M is sitting at the lower left position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the top side to G.
2 S is at the bottom of G vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	below	1
1 Z is to the upper left of N.
2 K is positioned left to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 C and Z are side by side with C to the right and Z to the left.
2 S is upper right to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
2 N is diagonally right and above K.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Q is lower right of J.
2 J is positioned left to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Object P is below object S and to the left of it, too.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned right to E.
2 Y is placed at the upper right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally left and above T.
2 Y is below D at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and T is on the left.
2 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 W is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	below	1
1 Z is over there with Y below.
2 Z is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 C is at the bottom of D.
2 C is positioned up and to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 N is directly north east of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 J and I are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
2 C is above I and to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the bottom-left of Q.
2 Q is upper left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 H and A are side by side with A at the bottom and H on the top.
2 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	below	1
1 N is to the right of B.
2 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	left	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
2 D is sitting in the left direction of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	left	1
1 W is directly north west of D.
2 D is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned below and to the right of F.
2 F is sitting in the right direction of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 N is above J and to the left of J.
2 The object J and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object P and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 H is positioned up and to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the bottom left of M.
2 P is over there with U above.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 G is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 U is south east of Q.
2 U is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 J is diagonally left and below Z.
2 B is positioned below Z and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object D is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 T is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there and J is on the top of it.
2 E is directly south east of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 P and N are both there with the object P above the object N.
2 Z is on the top side to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	above	1
1 E is to the bottom left of U.
2 E is positioned above I and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 A is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 The object J is positioned directly above the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 T and J are both there with the object T is to the left of object J.
2 T is above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 X is below and to the left of N.
2 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 V is over J.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 L is above Z and to the left of Z.
2 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	below	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to D.
2 S is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
2 M is to the right of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	below	1
1 F is at the bottom of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 K is directly south west of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	right	1
1 Y is positioned left to U.
2 E is positioned up and to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Q is below and to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	above	1
1 A is on the left side of and below U.
2 The object A is positioned directly above the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
2 A is below M with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 S and I are next to each other with S on the top and I at the bottom.
2 L is to the bottom-left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	below	1
1 G is on the right side to I.
2 F is lower right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	right	1
1 X is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 W is at the bottom of T.
2 T is diagonally right and above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 A is placed at the lower left of K.
2 X is positioned above and to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed on the top of R.
2 S and R are parallel, and S is over R.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	above	1
1 F is on the upper right of D.
2 D and T are next to each other with D on the top and T at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	below	1
1 R is to the top right of M.
2 H is to the bottom-left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the left of K.
2 B is diagonally to the upper left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the right side to D.
2 I is below V and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	right	1
1 U and D are side by side with U to the right and D to the left.
2 X is at U's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object B and H are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 X and F are in a vertical line with F below X.
2 L is positioned below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	above	1
1 U is at F's 3 o'clock.
2 U and V are both there with the object U above the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	right	1
1 U is lower left to C.
2 X presents left to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 K is below N and to the left of N.
2 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
2 E is positioned right to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	left	1
1 D is below L.
2 P is to the bottom-left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 L and N are horizontal and L is to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	left	1
1 D is on the right side and top of W.
2 W is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y and B are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 N is placed at the bottom of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
2 R is sitting at the lower position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
2 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	above	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 L is below V and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 R is south east of J.
2 U is on the right side and top of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object J is positioned directly below the object C.
2 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	right	1
1 T is below Q and to the left of Q.
2 Q is diagonally right and below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 U is directly below X.
2 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 S and I are parallel, and S is under I.
2 W is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
2 M is at G’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	below	1
1 P is to the bottom-left of F.
2 The object F is positioned directly above the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	left	1
1 A is over there and Q is on the right.
2 Q is over there and C is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	right	1
1 I and A are parallel, and I is to the left of A.
2 I is at B's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
2 A and R are vertical and A is above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	below	1
1 H is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 E is placed in the right direction of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper left of B.
2 B and V are horizontal and B is to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 R and M are parallel, and R on the right of M.
2 T is above M and to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	below	1
1 P is sitting at the lower right position to T.
2 H and T are parallel, and H is to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 P presents below O.
2 H is over there and O is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	below	1
1 R is positioned up and to the right of T.
2 T is to the top-left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the left side to K.
2 I is south west of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
2 Y is positioned above B and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	below	1
1 C is on the right side and below B.
2 U is on the top and C is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	above	1
1 A is over there with T below.
2 A is to the right of O horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally above T to the right at a 45 degree.
2 U is at T's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	below	1
1 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
2 B is sitting in the right direction of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	right	1
1 N and K are parallel, and N on the right of K.
2 N and E are in a vertical line with E below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the bottom-left of W.
2 W is on the right and X is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	right	1
1 P is positioned in the front right corner of O.
2 P is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	below	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper left of C.
2 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 W is on the left and S is on the right.
2 M and S are horizontal and M is to the right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	left	1
1 X is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 A and I are in a vertical line with I below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 Z is to the top-left of M.
2 U is directly above M.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
2 W is positioned down and to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
2 B and H are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E presents over I.
2 I is above and to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	above	1
1 L is at H's 12 o'clock.
2 L is on top of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 N is at K’s 9 o'clock.
2 N and Y are parallel, and N is to the left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
2 A and T are next to each other with A on the top and T at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	below	1
1 N is over K.
2 K and G are in a vertical line with G below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	below	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper left of I.
2 I and F are side by side with I to the right and F to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
2 If J is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	below	1
1 I is on the left side to V.
2 I is sitting at the lower position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom left of W.
2 W and P are in a vertical line with P below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	right	1
1 A is over there and I is on the right of it.
2 V is over there and I is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	right	1
1 O and G are side by side with O to the right and G to the left.
2 G is to the bottom-left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	below	1
1 Object B is below object O and to the left of it, too.
2 M is directly north east of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 L is placed at the lower right of Q.
2 G is on the left side to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
2 V and Z are both there with the object V is to the right of object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	left	1
1 M is below K at 7 o'clock.
2 B is on the lower left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Object K is below object L and to the right of it, too.
2 Z is above K and to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 S is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
2 V is south east of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 M is placed at the upper right of W.
2 A is on the lower left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The objects P and J are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 The objects J and M are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 B is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Y is on the left and E is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object J and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 B is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	below	1
1 W is placed in the left direction of U.
2 U is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object Z and O are there. The object Z is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 N and O are parallel, and O is below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 T is above and to the left of U.
2 T is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U is lower left to I.
2 Z is on the left side to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 P is below and to the right of R.
2 If W is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 The objects N and A are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 A is upper left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
2 P and G are next to each other with P on the left and G on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	right	1
1 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
2 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	left	1
1 Object W is below object L and to the right of it, too.
2 W and I are both there with the object W is to the left of object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q and L are parallel, and Q on the left of L.
2 M is to the bottom left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	above	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 U is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	below	1
1 C is on the left side and above A.
2 C presents upper left to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned above G and to the right.
2 Q is below A and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 Y is placed on the top of V.
2 V and K are parallel, and V is on top of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	above	1
1 D is on the right side and below U.
2 U is over there with O above.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 U is at L's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned up and to the right of N.
2 U and N are next to each other with N on the right and U on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the top and I is at the bottom.
2 D is lower right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	left	1
1 U is sitting at the lower right position to L.
2 L is to the bottom right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 O and W are parallel, and O on the left of W.
2 O is sitting at the lower position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	above	1
1 W is placed at the lower right of E.
2 E presents lower right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 U is sitting at the lower left position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 L is sitting at the lower position to V.
2 V and Q are next to each other with V on the top and Q at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 Z is diagonally right and above L.
2 L is placed at the upper right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
2 F is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 K is to the top-right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 M is north west of W.
2 C is below W at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object G.
2 V is diagonally left and above V.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned below and to the right of G.
2 G is over there and F is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	below	1
1 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
2 M is placed on the top of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 M is positioned below L.
2 L is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 Q and O are side by side with Q to the right and O to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	left	1
1 K and A are parallel, and K is to the left of A.
2 U is placed at the lower right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	above	1
1 M presents below Q.
2 Q is sitting at the upper right position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 J and V are parallel, and J on the right of V.
2 J is at the bottom and U is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	above	1
1 C is to the left of R.
2 Z is on the left side and above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object D is positioned directly below the object H.
2 X is sitting at the lower left position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
2 H is diagonally above F to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 T is at K's 6 o'clock.
2 I is at T's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y is south east of O.
2 O and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and O on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	below	1
1 G is to the bottom right of B.
2 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 E is below and to the right of V.
2 H is directly north east of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 Y is sitting at the top position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	left	1
1 P is over there and U is on the right of it.
2 U is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the lower right of K.
2 K is positioned below and to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Y is over there and F is on the top of it.
2 F is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 A is at X's 6 o'clock.
2 A presents lower right to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G presents left to J.
2 G is below and to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	right	1
1 K is above O at 2 o'clock.
2 O is to the bottom right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 Y is positioned below X and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	left	1
1 X presents upper right to V.
2 S and V are vertical and S is below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	above	1
1 C is over there and S is directly below it.
2 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the top-left of A.
2 F is positioned up and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally right and below C.
2 A is positioned in the top left corner of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 G and A are parallel, and G is over A.
2 Object G is above object P and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	right	1
1 R is at T's 6 o'clock.
2 M and T are parallel, and M on the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	above	1
1 D and I are parallel, and D is to the right of I.
2 D and Y are side by side with D to the left and Y to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	right	1
1 V is positioned in the top left corner of J.
2 V is over there and O is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 F is positioned below E and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 U is at the bottom of K.
2 Q is upper right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Z is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
2 C presents right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	left	1
1 O and X are in a vertical line with O on top.
2 D is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 B presents upper right to X.
2 W is sitting at the lower right position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 U is above J at 10 o'clock.
2 H is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 I is at C's 12 o'clock.
2 B is north east of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	above	1
1 O presents right to U.
2 O is over Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	left	1
1 E and C are side by side with E to the right and C to the left.
2 Z and E are in a vertical line with Z on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M is above and to the right of T.
2 M and J are parallel, and M is to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the right of E.
2 K is to the bottom-left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
2 V is over there and A is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	right	1
1 H is above E.
2 Object A is above object R and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the bottom of E vertically.
2 E is diagonally left and above E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 U is placed at the lower left of E.
2 Z and E are both there with the object Z is to the right of object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Q is placed at the upper left of N.
2 N is directly south west of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the top side to J.
2 R is on the top side to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	below	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 J and M are in a vertical line with M below J.
2 M is over there and K is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the upper left of A.
2 M and L are parallel, and L is below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 Q and Y are in a vertical line with Q on top.
2 Y is above Z at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	below	1
1 S is positioned below W and to the right.
2 T and S are next to each other with T on the left and S on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	below	1
1 X is to the bottom right of B.
2 X is diagonally left and above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 H is positioned up and to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M is over there and X is on the top of it.
2 D and X are horizontal and D is to the left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	right	1
1 Q is south west of U.
2 L is diagonally right and above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
2 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 G is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 U is above L with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	left	1
1 Object U is above object R and to the left of it, too.
2 Y is on the right and R is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Z and K are parallel, and Z is over K.
2 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	below	1
1 C is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 C presents over V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 S is directly above L.
2 U is below L at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the right side to I.
2 E is positioned above D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	right	1
1 I is placed on the top of Q.
2 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	right	1
1 J is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 J is placed at the upper right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 B presents upper right to Y.
2 Y is below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	below	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
2 R and G are both there with the object R above the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	left	1
1 G is over C.
2 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	above	1
1 Z and M are horizontal and Z is to the right of M.
2 Z is over there and C is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	left	1
1 L and O are both there with the object L is to the left of object O.
2 L presents right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	left	1
1 J and I are side by side with J to the left and I to the right.
2 I is placed at the lower right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	above	1
1 B is positioned down and to the left of R.
2 B and S are parallel, and B is to the left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of Q.
2 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	below	1
1 U is over there and S is directly above it.
2 The object S is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	below	1
1 O is over there with T above.
2 Z is placed at the lower left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object G and J are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 T is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
2 U is positioned in the lower left corner of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting in the right direction of K.
2 E is at K's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	left	1
1 A is to the top of V vertically.
2 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 O is directly north west of M.
2 R is to the bottom left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The objects L and O are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 O is on the right side to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 D is directly north east of E.
2 H is to the left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
2 M is to the upper left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 G and V are vertical and G is above V.
2 Y is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 X is to the left of L horizontally.
2 X is over there and U is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 B is over D.
2 E is on the lower left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 G is below I and to the left of I.
2 G is placed on the top of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there and Z is on the right of it.
2 Q is placed in the right direction of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
2 Q and C are parallel, and Q on the left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the lower position to V.
2 Z is sitting at the upper left position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 C and J are in a vertical line with J below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 L and P are parallel, and L on the right of P.
2 The object P is positioned directly above the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	left	1
1 B is over there and J is on the top of it.
2 J and U are next to each other with J on the top and U at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	above	1
1 D is north east of B.
2 D is at the bottom of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
2 Z is over there and J is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	right	1
1 D is at G's 6 o'clock.
2 W is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally above D to the right at a 45 degree.
2 D and P are horizontal and D is to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	below	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
2 G is below E with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	right	1
1 F presents upper left to X.
2 B is above F with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 J and B are next to each other with B on the right and J on the left.
2 J is to the top right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 J is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 J is positioned above and to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned above T and to the left.
2 L is under M.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 O and L are both there with the object L below the object O.
2 U is diagonally right and above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 I and S are in a vertical line with I on top.
2 Object S is below object B and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	left	1
1 S is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 S is south west of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 D is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
2 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
2 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	below	1
1 F and G are vertical and F is below G.
2 D is at the bottom of G and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	above	1
1 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
2 U is directly south east of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
2 M is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Object X is below object W and to the right of it, too.
2 L is upper left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 R is over there and A is directly below it.
2 Q and A are side by side with A at the bottom and Q on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
2 S and A are parallel, and S is to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the right and K is on the left.
2 The object T and F are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
2 R is below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Z is upper right to A.
2 Z and R are horizontal and Z is to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object L is positioned directly below the object I.
2 J is placed at the lower right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 S is at the bottom of P vertically.
2 Y is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I is at B's 3 o'clock.
2 J is on the upper right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 A and Y are parallel, and A is under Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower righthand corner.
2 I is on the left side and above D.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 X is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 G is directly south west of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 C is positioned above and to the left of T.
2 C is at M's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
2 F is to the top of R vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	right	1
1 H and K are horizontal and H is to the right of K.
2 H is over there and G is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object G is positioned directly above the object X.
2 G is lower right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned left to B.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	above	1
1 T is above F at 10 o'clock.
2 E is to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 C is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	left	1
1 S is on the right side and below H.
2 T is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
2 K and R are next to each other with R on the right and K on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	right	1
1 U is positioned left to L.
2 S is directly south east of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Z is diagonally left and below C.
2 I is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the right of O.
2 G is placed at the upper right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	above	1
1 G is below and to the right of B.
2 G is below and to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Q and N are side by side with Q to the left and N to the right.
2 Q is below T and to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 R is over there and C is on the left of it.
2 C and H are side by side with C to the left and H to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	right	1
1 B is on the upper right of L.
2 L is positioned below and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	right	1
1 H is south west of U.
2 H is over there and X is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper right of J.
2 K is positioned below J and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 T is placed in the left direction of R.
2 N is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	left	1
1 N and L are vertical and N is below L.
2 N is positioned right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the left side and above S.
2 S is north east of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 U is below F and to the left of F.
2 Q is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom right of D.
2 P is above D and to the left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
2 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
2 R is above X with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	right	1
1 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 V is upper right to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned below S and to the right.
2 S is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 H is directly north west of O.
2 U is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 W presents upper right to X.
2 X is on the top side to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the upper right of N.
2 K is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the top of U vertically.
2 U presents over C.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	above	1
1 B is to the left of U horizontally.
2 V is on the top and U is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
2 W is at P's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the left of D.
2 K is placed in the right direction of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
2 E is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	above	1
1 D is below and to the right of W.
2 C and D are parallel, and C is to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	below	1
1 R is to the top of C vertically.
2 W is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Y presents upper right to B.
2 Y is below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	above	1
1 N is to the left of V with a small gap between them.
2 N and W are next to each other with W on the right and N on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 J is placed at the upper left of X.
2 Q is on the lower left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 J is above E at 10 o'clock.
2 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 P is below and to the right of M.
2 S is over there and P is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	right	1
1 L is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face L.
2 U is diagonally left and above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	right	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
2 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	left	1
1 O is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Q is on the right side and top of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 O and W are side by side with O on the top and W at the bottom.
2 W and M are vertical and W is below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	above	1
1 D is above and to the left of Q.
2 H is diagonally right and below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the right side and top of D.
2 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 I is on the top and N is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
2 J is above M with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 S is above and to the left of E.
2 If E is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 V is upper left of P.
2 N is below V and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	left	1
1 L is directly south east of E.
2 E and Y are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	below	1
1 A is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
2 L is diagonally right and below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	below	1
1 Z is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 A is below and to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	below	1
1 T is over there and D is on the left.
2 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	right	1
1 G is below A with a small gap between them.
2 U is over there and G is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	below	1
1 W and K are both there with the object K below the object W.
2 K is positioned below and to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	below	1
1 C and M are parallel, and C is to the right of M.
2 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
2 U is sitting at the upper left position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	right	1
1 S and F are both there with the object S above the object F.
2 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	above	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 Y is positioned down and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 F presents lower left to C.
2 F is below J and to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	left	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
2 I is at J’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	above	1
1 V is to the right of I.
2 Z is on the top side to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the left of S horizontally.
2 S presents over P.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	above	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Q presents lower right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
2 Y is placed in the left direction of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
2 R and L are both there with the object R above the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 D is at the bottom of V vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Object V is above object C and to the left of it, too.
2 R is placed at the upper left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 O and P are both there with the object P below the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	below	1
1 D is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 U is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 I is below and to the right of X.
2 E is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of P.
2 T is on the right and R is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	left	1
1 H is to the left of D horizontally.
2 H and M are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 X is below and to the right of W.
2 W is on the left side to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	left	1
1 N presents upper left to Y.
2 V is directly south west of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	below	1
1 Z is to the right of J horizontally.
2 S is over there and Z is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	above	1
1 F is to the right of X horizontally.
2 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	above	1
1 U is above and to the left of T.
2 R is north west of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of Y.
2 I and O are both there with the object I is to the right of object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 S is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 P is at B’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 V is above F at 10 o'clock.
2 A is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P presents lower left to B.
2 The object B is positioned directly above the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	right	1
1 Y is to the bottom right of U.
2 Y is to the left of E with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 F and H are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 F and I are side by side with F on the top and I at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	above	1
1 X and C are both there with the object X is to the left of object C.
2 C and A are both there with the object C is to the right of object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	left	1
1 N is to the top-right of Y.
2 Z and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	below	1
1 I and W are side by side with I to the right and W to the left.
2 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 Z is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed at the lower right of T.
2 T and J are vertical and T is above J.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	right	1
1 U is sitting at the upper right position to F.
2 H is positioned below U and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 L is on the top side to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 B and Z are parallel, and B is to the left of Z.
2 A is placed in the left direction of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	right	1
1 I is to the top right of G.
2 I is placed at the lower left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 B is placed in the right direction of R.
2 S is positioned right to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	right	1
1 H is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 E and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned left to S.
2 P is under X.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 T is over there and Z is on the left of it.
2 V is lower left to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object S and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 V presents lower left to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 B is sitting at the upper left position to R.
2 R is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 W and I are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
2 J is directly south east of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is on the top side to X.
2 T and B are side by side with T to the right and B to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	below	1
1 F and V are horizontal and F is to the left of V.
2 F is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, C is located between 10 and 11.
2 I is under W.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	below	1
1 R is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 R is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 M and D are horizontal and M is to the right of D.
2 D and S are both there with the object D is to the left of object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	left	1
1 The objects B and D are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 B is positioned above L and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 W presents upper right to V.
2 F is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	below	1
1 E is diagonally left and above E.
2 Q is to the left of Z horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the bottom-right of J.
2 F is on the left side of and below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 X is below L with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned left to R.
2 A is over there and X is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 F and W are horizontal and F is to the right of W.
2 F is diagonally left and above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 B is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 I is directly north east of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 A and L are vertical and A is below L.
2 L is on the left side to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the upper right position to U.
2 R is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 N is on the lower left of O.
2 N and K are side by side with N to the left and K to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	above	1
1 N is to the top-left of O.
2 M and O are parallel, and M on the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 T is on the upper right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
2 O is diagonally right and below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Object H is below object J and to the left of it, too.
2 The objects H and V are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, O is located between 10 and 11.
2 J and V are parallel, and J is under V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	above	1
1 C is on the left side and above B.
2 O is positioned in the top left corner of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 K is placed at the upper left of J.
2 S is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	above	1
1 X is on the upper right of M.
2 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting at the lower left position to U.
2 U is directly south east of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 L presents over K.
2 L and Q are parallel, and L is to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	right	1
1 C and Q are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
2 C and M are parallel, and C is over M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 V is to the top of T vertically.
2 V and O are vertical and V is above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 F is to the left of E.
2 E is above U with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Y and Q are in a horizontal line with Y on the left.
2 G is on the left side to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 A is below and to the left of D.
2 A is over there and X is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	above	1
1 X and Z are parallel, and X is on top of Z.
2 V is positioned in the front right corner of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	below	1
1 Y is at the bottom of Z.
2 Z is on the top and X is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	above	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
2 G is at the bottom of K vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Z is over there with X below.
2 X is over there and P is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	below	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
2 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 D is above and to the right of J.
2 D is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there and L is on the left.
2 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 A is at the bottom and R is on the top.
2 L presents below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	below	1
1 G is to the top-left of Z.
2 R and Z are both there with the object Z below the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	right	1
1 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to O.
2 I is directly south west of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 G is upper left of J.
2 R and J are both there with the object R is to the left of object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Object J is below object T and to the left of it, too.
2 D and T are horizontal and D is to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	right	1
1 C is on the upper right of W.
2 W is positioned above B and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of I.
2 G is at J’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	left	1
1 O is at Z's 3 o'clock.
2 Z is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	left	1
1 G is to the bottom-left of A.
2 G is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 R is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
2 The object K and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K is at M's 12 o'clock.
2 I is positioned in the top left corner of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	below	1
1 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
2 I is to the bottom-right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the right side and top of T.
2 T and U are side by side with T to the left and U to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	above	1
1 P is sitting at the lower left position to G.
2 P is diagonally right and above D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
2 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J presents lower left to D.
2 Z is on top of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face M.
2 C and M are both there with the object C is to the left of object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
2 C is placed at the upper right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	below	1
1 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
2 J is on the top side to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 D is on the right side to H.
2 M is diagonally left and below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	below	1
1 K is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 K is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	left	1
1 D is over there and S is directly above it.
2 D is sitting at the lower left position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	below	1
1 T is sitting at the upper left position to H.
2 K is below H and to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 The objects J and B are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
2 X is below and to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object M is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
2 L and M are side by side with L to the left and M to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting at the lower right position to Z.
2 A is on top of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	above	1
1 F is at the 6 o'clock position relative to B.
2 R is to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	below	1
1 Q is on the right side and below Y.
2 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 C is positioned below Q and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 M is on the left side of and below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 C is below and to the left of O.
2 C is at T's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	left	1
1 R and L are both there with the object R above the object L.
2 R is north west of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled Z.
2 Y is to the top-left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	left	1
1 W is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
2 E is at the bottom of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	above	1
1 H presents upper left to C.
2 P is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 S is above and to the right of B.
2 B is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 S is over there and O is on the right of it.
2 S is positioned left to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 J is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 O is south east of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
2 K is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	above	1
1 P is placed at the bottom of N.
2 N is to the bottom-right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	left	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 X and W are parallel, and X is over W.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	above	1
1 T is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 R and T are side by side with R to the right and T to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	left	1
1 S is on the left and U is on the right.
2 U and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 O is sitting in the left direction of D.
2 O is directly north east of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 Z is on the top side to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	above	1
1 A is to the left of B.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Y is upper right to T.
2 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	right	1
1 M is on the right side and top of Z.
2 J is on the right side and below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	below	1
1 R is diagonally right and below U.
2 U is below E at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
2 M is on the right side to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	right	1
1 G is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	right	1
1 J is directly north east of O.
2 O is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 B is north west of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 N is on top of G.
2 N is above E at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	left	1
1 O is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	left	1
1 Q is directly above O.
2 O and N are next to each other with O on the left and N on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 L and V are side by side with L on the top and V at the bottom.
2 V is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	below	1
1 F is positioned below M.
2 N is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 C is on top of R.
2 C is south east of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	below	1
1 Y is south west of I.
2 E is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the left of Z horizontally.
2 A is on the right side to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 I is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face I.
2 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 X and B are parallel, and X on the right of B.
2 B and P are both there with the object B is to the right of object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	left	1
1 J is to the bottom-left of L.
2 J is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 A and S are side by side with A on the top and S at the bottom.
2 F presents right to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to S.
2 S is above H at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned left to Y.
2 Q is sitting in the right direction of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	left	1
1 U is south west of X.
2 J and X are both there with the object X below the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 V is below and to the right of O.
2 V is on the left side of and below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	right	1
1 H is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
2 S is positioned above Q and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	below	1
1 H is positioned right to Y.
2 Y and I are next to each other with Y on the left and I on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower position to S.
2 O and D are side by side with O to the left and D to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 X is placed on the top of F.
2 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 W and B are parallel, and W is on top of B.
2 B is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Y presents upper right to E.
2 Y presents lower right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the right side and top of U.
2 U is to the bottom left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 U is on top of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned below and to the right of G.
2 G is on top of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	above	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 F presents lower left to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 O is above and to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 The objects Y and W are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 N is to the right of O.
2 O is to the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	right	1
1 G and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
2 I is placed in the left direction of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	right	1
1 S is to the bottom left of Q.
2 The object S and X are there. The object X is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 R is at G’s 9 o'clock.
2 R and W are next to each other with R on the left and W on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	right	1
1 X is above H.
2 H and K are side by side with H to the right and K to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	right	1
1 L presents upper right to C.
2 C is to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	right	1
1 H and T are side by side with T at the bottom and H on the top.
2 T presents upper right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned above Z.
2 Z and D are side by side with Z to the left and D to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	above	1
1 C is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 O is south east of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	left	1
1 F is to the bottom right of T.
2 Z is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
2 J is placed at the bottom of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
2 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 X and F are side by side with X on the top and F at the bottom.
2 F is on the left side to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	left	1
1 E is to the upper left of L.
2 E is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	below	1
1 U and R are parallel, and U on the right of R.
2 R is placed on the top of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	below	1
1 X is north east of P.
2 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the left side and above S.
2 P is north west of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 I is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 M and U are both there with the object U below the object M.
2 T is above U with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	below	1
1 I is on the right side and top of O.
2 I is positioned left to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
2 F is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	below	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
2 D is sitting in the right direction of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
2 Z is south east of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned above E and to the right.
2 E is to the left of B horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	left	1
1 R is sitting at the upper right position to S.
2 S is below and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	right	1
1 D is positioned below and to the right of N.
2 V is south east of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is placed at the lower right of T.
2 K is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 W is sitting at the lower position to O.
2 O is positioned in the top left corner of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	below	1
1 E is at the bottom of C.
2 E is sitting at the lower left position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	above	1
1 E and M are both there with the object E is to the left of object M.
2 B is below M with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	above	1
1 H and R are side by side with H to the left and R to the right.
2 R is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	above	1
1 O is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
2 C is below O and to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly above Q.
2 Object A is above object J and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 M is placed in the left direction of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the lower right position to H.
2 D is over there with G above.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	above	1
1 T and H are parallel, and H is below T.
2 Z is on the right side to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	right	1
1 A is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Q is sitting at the lower position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	above	1
1 C is on the right side to F.
2 The object A is positioned directly below the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned down and to the left of Z.
2 F presents upper left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 D is over there and S is on the left.
2 L and D are horizontal and L is to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	left	1
1 L is over there and O is on the left.
2 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
2 S presents lower right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	above	1
1 X is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
2 The object Q and H are there. The object Q is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the top position to K.
2 X is sitting at the top position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	below	1
1 K is positioned below and to the right of H.
2 H is on the left side of and below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	below	1
1 C is positioned in the top left corner of E.
2 C is placed at the lower left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	below	1
1 H is below Z with a small gap between them.
2 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	below	1
1 R is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is on the left side and above N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 F and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and F on the top.
2 B presents lower left to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	above	1
1 L is positioned above G.
2 G is positioned up and to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
2 A is positioned in the lower right corner of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
2 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 Q is on the left side and above W.
2 W and Z are parallel, and W is on top of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 X and Q are side by side with X to the left and Q to the right.
2 Q is at G's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 N is at the bottom and O is on the top.
2 O is on the right side and below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 T is below and to the left of J.
2 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	right	1
1 The objects T and K are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 V is over there and K is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at B's 3 o'clock.
2 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
2 B is to the top-left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	left	1
1 W is placed at the lower left of E.
2 Object W is below object N and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
2 K is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	below	1
1 K is directly north east of G.
2 Z is lower right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	right	1
1 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
2 M is at the bottom of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	right	1
1 L is on the right side and top of J.
2 O is sitting in the left direction of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 L is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 L is at E's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 K is diagonally to the upper left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	above	1
1 B is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 B is on the top of L and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 A is to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
2 L is to the left of N horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	right	1
1 H and U are horizontal and H is to the left of U.
2 H is over there and K is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object D is lower and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Z is upper right to R.
2 R is above L and to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 H and Z are parallel, and H is to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	left	1
1 V is on the left side of and below F.
2 F is directly above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	left	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
2 H is to the upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
2 W is placed on the top of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	left	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
2 S and X are parallel, and S is to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	right	1
1 G is at the bottom and K is on the top.
2 G is directly above D.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	above	1
1 H and L are side by side with H on the top and L at the bottom.
2 L is below D at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	below	1
1 Q is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 L presents lower right to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 I is below Q and to the right of Q.
2 Q is diagonally above S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the left of C.
2 N is lower right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	right	1
1 B is at the bottom of Z vertically.
2 Q is south east of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the bottom left of C.
2 V is directly below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 T is below Y and to the left of Y.
2 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	right	1
1 Z is on top of L.
2 Z and B are side by side with Z on the top and B at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly below the object H.
2 Q is positioned above H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E and B are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
2 C and E are both there with the object E below the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 K is above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 W is diagonally to the upper left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 U is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face U.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 L is to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 Q is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 Q is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	left	1
1 H is on the right and G is on the left.
2 H is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 H and G are parallel, and G is below H.
2 S is sitting at the lower position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	below	1
1 G is under Q.
2 G is placed at the bottom of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	below	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
2 P is on the left and D is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 A and G are vertical and A is above G.
2 E is to the left of G and below G at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the left and J is on the right.
2 N is positioned up and to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	below	1
1 P is on the lower left of A.
2 B is at the lower side of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	below	1
1 J is positioned below E and to the right.
2 J is directly south west of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 M is sitting at the top position to T.
2 P is below T with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	above	1
1 Z is on the left side of and below T.
2 Z is placed on the top of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 The object D is positioned directly above the object Y.
2 L is north west of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 F is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
2 E is below L and to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the bottom-left of F.
2 D is to the bottom-right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	right	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper left of H.
2 Q is to the top right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to H.
2 N is at U’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
2 G is directly north east of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 E and D are vertical and E is above D.
2 Q is to the left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The objects O and S are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 S is placed at the bottom of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the top of L vertically.
2 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 Object W is below object U and to the left of it, too.
2 U is at the bottom of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally left and above N.
2 F is diagonally right and above N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 M and Y are next to each other with M on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 Q is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	right	1
1 S is positioned above G and to the right.
2 G is over there and V is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 U is directly above S.
2 S is above W at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object F and C are there. The object F is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 J is above and to the right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned above G and to the right.
2 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The objects B and X are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 K and B are both there with the object K is to the right of object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting at the lower right position to B.
2 P is to the top-left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned in the front right corner of O.
2 P is to the bottom-left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 T is to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	right	1
1 U is to the right of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 S is on the lower right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 Object U is above object V and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object R and L are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 D is below R and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	above	1
1 T is to the top-left of K.
2 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	above	1
1 V is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 C is above V and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Z is over there and L is directly below it.
2 L is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 F presents over M.
2 F is below Q at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	below	1
1 N and K are parallel, and N is on top of K.
2 E and N are both there with the object E above the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	above	1
1 The objects G and R are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 R and H are parallel, and R is on top of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	right	1
1 T is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
2 O is over there and T is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 The object Y is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 T is below and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	below	1
1 D is over there and K is directly above it.
2 D is lower right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	left	1
1 N is over there and K is on the left.
2 N is above and to the right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	right	1
1 O is on the lower right of P.
2 E is over there with O below.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 S is directly above X.
2 The object W and X are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 M is at the bottom and H is on the top.
2 M and C are side by side with M to the right and C to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 J is at N's 12 o'clock.
2 I is at the bottom of J vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	above	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 K presents right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Y and D are side by side with D at the bottom and Y on the top.
2 G is upper right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 K and P are parallel, and K on the left of P.
2 H is lower right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
2 Y is placed at the lower right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 U is below W and to the left of W.
2 P and U are both there with the object P above the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 Q is directly south east of B.
2 T and B are side by side with B at the bottom and T on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 The object N is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the right of K horizontally.
2 K and M are both there with the object K is to the left of object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	right	1
1 P is there and O is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 P is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	above	1
1 S is at the lower side of C.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 K and F are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
2 F is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	right	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
2 N is placed at the lower right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
2 X and K are vertical and X is above K.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 U is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	right	1
1 F is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 I is directly above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 X and W are side by side with X to the right and W to the left.
2 Q and X are parallel, and Q is to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 I is there and K is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 V is placed in the right direction of K.
2 K and Q are parallel, and Q is below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
2 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there with H above.
2 H is directly south east of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 R presents upper right to U.
2 R is at the bottom and H is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 O and D are in a vertical line with O on top.
2 D is positioned below A and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 T is over there and X is directly below it.
2 X is placed in the right direction of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 H is over there and J is directly below it.
2 J is over there and P is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	below	1
1 W is on the right side and top of R.
2 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	right	1
1 G is below and to the right of K.
2 The object K and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Q is below and to the right of S.
2 L is directly north east of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Y is to the bottom-right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
2 O is above S at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	right	1
1 Y is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 F and G are parallel, and F is on top of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 X is below W at 7 o'clock.
2 W is below and to the right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	above	1
1 Q is directly south west of U.
2 The object Q is positioned directly below the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned below Q and to the right.
2 Q is directly north east of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 S is at N’s 9 o'clock.
2 The object N is positioned directly below the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	below	1
1 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
2 V is positioned left to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	left	1
1 F is to the upper left of H.
2 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 The object L is positioned directly above the object K.
2 K and Y are next to each other with K on the top and Y at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 I is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 N is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to K.
2 E is over there with K below.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	above	1
1 V is diagonally left and below K.
2 K is above and to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Object T is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
2 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B is diagonally right and below C.
2 The objects B and D are over there. The object B is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the right of L horizontally.
2 L is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	left	1
1 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
2 S and T are both there with the object S above the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	right	1
1 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
2 M is to the top-left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	right	1
1 B presents below W.
2 W and T are in a vertical line with T below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	above	1
1 N and V are parallel, and V is below N.
2 V is placed at the bottom of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	above	1
1 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
2 D and S are parallel, and D is under S.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	below	1
1 P is over there and Z is on the right of it.
2 M is positioned right to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 R is on the left side and above X.
2 R is on the right side and below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The objects E and Q are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 N is on the left side and above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Object N is below object O and to the right of it, too.
2 N is on the left side to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
2 G is to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	right	1
1 R is on the left side to M.
2 V is to the bottom-left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	above	1
1 J is north east of F.
2 J is over there with T below.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of L.
2 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 G presents lower left to P.
2 P is below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	above	1
1 Y is below R with a small gap between them.
2 F and R are both there with the object R below the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	above	1
1 M is over there with T below.
2 B is north west of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	above	1
1 C is north west of S.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	below	1
1 L is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face L.
2 M and V are in a vertical line with V below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 U is directly south west of Q.
2 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned left to Q.
2 S is diagonally left and below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	above	1
1 H and A are side by side with H to the left and A to the right.
2 Q is below H with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	left	1
1 J is sitting in the left direction of C.
2 E is positioned in the front right corner of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	right	1
1 D is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 T is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 T and E are parallel, and T is on top of E.
2 E is to the upper left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 N is lower left to A.
2 N is on the top and M is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is positioned directly below the object A.
2 K is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	above	1
1 F is above M at 2 o'clock.
2 F is upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 X is sitting in the left direction of L.
2 N and X are parallel, and N is on top of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	below	1
1 N is below and to the right of F.
2 B is placed at the bottom of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	above	1
1 Z is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
2 Q is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	left	1
1 P is over there and H is directly below it.
2 The objects P and V are over there. The object P is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	below	1
1 Object G is below object N and to the left of it, too.
2 Z is diagonally to the bottom right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the top of X vertically.
2 F is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Z and O are side by side with O at the bottom and Z on the top.
2 B is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned above L and to the left.
2 C is directly south east of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 G presents upper right to U.
2 N is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	right	1
1 C is on the top side to D.
2 S is sitting at the upper right position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object P is positioned directly below the object L.
2 C is south west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	below	1
1 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
2 W and E are parallel, and E is below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	below	1
1 U is over there with B above.
2 B is north east of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	below	1
1 G is to the right of H.
2 D is directly below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 R is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 S is diagonally right and above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	above	1
1 A is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 A is sitting at the upper left position to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Z is positioned above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	below	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly below T.
2 E is on the right side to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	above	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
2 X is directly below B.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	below	1
1 Q is to the top of G vertically.
2 G is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	below	1
1 T is positioned in the front right corner of G.
2 T is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	below	1
1 I is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 D is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	right	1
1 J is positioned below L and to the left.
2 If J is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 G is south east of S.
2 F and S are parallel, and F is over S.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
2 D and L are in a vertical line with D on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 K is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Y is lower right of S.
2 Y is above E at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the top of T vertically.
2 F is to the top-right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D is below N and to the right of N.
2 T and D are side by side with T to the right and D to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 T presents right to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the lower right of W.
2 X is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	above	1
1 E is over there with J below.
2 E is sitting in the left direction of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	left	1
1 U is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
2 B is sitting at the lower position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 G presents left to Z.
2 Z and Q are both there with the object Z above the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	below	1
1 V is to the top right of M.
2 S is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 I is to the bottom-left of X.
2 H is below X and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
2 T is positioned up and to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Object R is above object N and to the left of it, too.
2 Object R is below object T and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	above	1
1 F is directly above D.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 E is at the bottom of V vertically.
2 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	right	1
1 G is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 D and R are both there with the object D is to the right of object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	above	1
1 K is at V’s 9 o'clock.
2 K is to the upper left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 I and Q are next to each other with I on the left and Q on the right.
2 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally right and above N.
2 G is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 X is over there and Q is on the top of it.
2 X is over there and I is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	above	1
1 S is to the top-right of D.
2 D is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	left	1
1 D is diagonally left and below K.
2 N is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	left	1
1 J presents lower left to Y.
2 J is below C with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	left	1
1 W is positioned in the front right corner of I.
2 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	right	1
1 F is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Q and H are next to each other with Q on the top and H at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	left	1
1 H is to the left of O.
2 R is directly south west of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 S is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 C is to the left of X.
2 L and X are side by side with X at the bottom and L on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	right	1
1 O is above X with a small gap between them.
2 Q is below X with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	below	1
1 L is over there with V above.
2 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	right	1
1 Y is on the right and B is on the left.
2 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	right	1
1 L and Q are vertical and L is above Q.
2 Object D is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 The object R is positioned directly above the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 U is directly above R.
2 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is below S with a small gap between them.
2 I and S are parallel, and I is to the left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
2 L is below W at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	right	1
1 U and Q are parallel, and U is to the left of Q.
2 Object F is above object U and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 B is over there and G is directly below it.
2 C and G are parallel, and C is to the left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	below	1
1 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
2 P is upper left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned in the lower left corner of P.
2 M is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	left	1
1 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
2 U is on the left side and above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
2 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 S and P are in a vertical line with S on top.
2 L is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	left	1
1 T is over there and Y is on the left of it.
2 Y is over there and U is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 Q is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The objects R and E are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the top-right of Z.
2 M is placed on the top of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 X presents upper left to Z.
2 P is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the upper left of I.
2 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 K presents left to A.
2 K is below H at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	left	1
1 O is on the lower left of H.
2 H is over there and A is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Z and D are side by side with Z to the left and D to the right.
2 H is below D and to the left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	right	1
1 R is placed at the bottom of F.
2 T is positioned up and to the right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 A is below K and to the right of K.
2 O is below and to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 N is positioned down and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 C is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
2 P is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object J and X are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 The objects X and C are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Q and R are parallel, and Q is to the left of R.
2 B is on the left side of and below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 V is north east of I.
2 B and I are both there with the object B is to the right of object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the right of K horizontally.
2 H is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
2 H is on the same vertical plane directly below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	above	1
1 H is lower left to A.
2 A is on the right side and top of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 Object F is below object U and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	below	1
1 H presents left to M.
2 H is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the right of C horizontally.
2 C presents right to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 J is to the top-right of D.
2 H is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	below	1
1 Object I is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
2 Y and S are side by side with Y on the top and S at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	right	1
1 A is north east of U.
2 A is below Q with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed at the lower right of M.
2 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	left	1
1 T is below and to the right of N.
2 V is to the right of N horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 Q is placed on the top of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X is above O and to the right of O.
2 O is over there and K is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 J presents lower right to E.
2 C is positioned below E and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	above	1
1 O and H are both there with the object O above the object H.
2 S is below H at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 U is directly south east of Z.
2 U is diagonally right and above N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	above	1
1 The object E is positioned directly below the object H.
2 H is directly north east of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	right	1
1 X is on the left side to I.
2 B is below I at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents upper left to T.
2 I and Q are parallel, and I is on top of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 J is on the right and V is on the left.
2 Y is directly below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 E is above S and to the right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 D is sitting at the lower left position to H.
2 H is placed in the left direction of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 F is over there and A is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Q and L are parallel, and L is below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 F is diagonally left and above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	left	1
1 S is at L's 12 o'clock.
2 X is positioned right to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	right	1
1 A is over U.
2 The object U is positioned directly below the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 U is positioned up and to the right of Q.
2 G and U are both there with the object G is to the right of object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	right	1
1 Object T is below object W and to the right of it, too.
2 W is sitting in the left direction of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	left	1
1 V is upper left of K.
2 K is positioned in the front right corner of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the top side to S.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
2 K is over J.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 D and R are side by side with D on the top and R at the bottom.
2 R is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	right	1
1 A is at Q's 3 o'clock.
2 N is below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	above	1
1 B is positioned above D and to the left.
2 A is positioned below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	above	1
1 P is upper right to I.
2 The object P and W are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned above T and to the left.
2 V presents upper left to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 X is below D and to the left of D.
2 D presents below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is lower right of C.
2 Y and C are side by side with Y on the top and C at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper left of V.
2 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 L is directly below Z.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 S is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 C and V are parallel, and C is on top of V.
2 P is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	left	1
1 L is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face L.
2 R and Z are side by side with R to the right and Z to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	left	1
1 A is on the right side and top of T.
2 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	below	1
1 Y presents upper right to C.
2 Y is over there and J is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	below	1
1 V is diagonally right and above F.
2 F is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	left	1
1 H is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
2 P is sitting at the lower position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	below	1
1 B is above Y and to the right of Y.
2 F is below B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 G is at W's 3 o'clock.
2 T is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	right	1
1 G is on the left side to E.
2 E is placed in the left direction of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	left	1
1 X and D are side by side with X to the right and D to the left.
2 E and X are both there with the object E is to the right of object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	left	1
1 A is on the right side to I.
2 A and X are next to each other with X at the bottom A on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 P is on top of N.
2 G is directly north west of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 M and G are side by side with M on the top and G at the bottom.
2 M is on the right and S is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	below	1
1 N is positioned below E and to the left.
2 E is positioned above and to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 R is over there and I is directly above it.
2 Z is to the top right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
2 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object N is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 U is under Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the lower right of X.
2 X is on the lower right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 O is placed at the lower right of P.
2 P is above N and to the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned in the front right corner of M.
2 R and M are horizontal and R is to the right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I and Y are parallel, and I is over Y.
2 Y and T are both there with the object Y above the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	above	1
1 S is to the right of W.
2 The object labeled K is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	left	1
1 T and K are side by side with K at the bottom and T on the top.
2 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	below	1
1 A is there and H is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 H and P are in a vertical line with P below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	above	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to L.
2 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 V is lower left to L.
2 V is diagonally to the bottom left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 M is sitting at the lower left position to N.
2 W is diagonally to the bottom right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at the bottom of P.
2 N and Z are parallel, and N is on top of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object C and V are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 Q is diagonally right and below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly above N.
2 U presents left to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 V is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 Z and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the top side to G.
2 P is positioned up and to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	below	1
1 K is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 J and C are parallel, and J is under C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	above	1
1 Y is directly north west of R.
2 O is over there and Y is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	above	1
1 M is diagonally left and above M.
2 Q and M are parallel, and Q on the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 J is positioned below F and to the left.
2 I is above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned below and to the right of E.
2 I is above G and to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object X.
2 P is lower left to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of W.
2 W is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	right	1
1 X and G are both there with the object X above the object G.
2 L is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	below	1
1 Z and V are in a vertical line with Z on top.
2 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	right	1
1 A is on the top side to X.
2 R and X are in a vertical line with R on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	below	1
1 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to U.
2 The objects R and A are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	above	1
1 O and B are parallel, and O is to the left of B.
2 B is on the left side to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	right	1
1 I is lower left to J.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
2 Object C is below object U and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	below	1
1 Q and V are horizontal and Q is to the right of V.
2 S is at Q's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 B is over Y.
2 I presents left to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the upper left position to W.
2 W is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	right	1
1 L is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 Q is to the top right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the top side to F.
2 T is to the top-right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 C is positioned below P.
2 P is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	above	1
1 U and E are in a vertical line with U on top.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	below	1
1 R is below S with a small gap between them.
2 J is diagonally left and below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	below	1
1 B is to the bottom left of T.
2 Y is below and to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the upper right of T.
2 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
2 B and L are side by side with B on the top and L at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned right to R.
2 R and Q are parallel, and R is over Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	left	1
1 P and D are next to each other with D on the right and P on the left.
2 D is sitting at the lower position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	right	1
1 S is on the top and L is at the bottom.
2 V is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 Q is on the upper right of R.
2 Q is diagonally left and below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 F is diagonally right and below W.
2 W is on the left and L is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object N is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
2 B is sitting at the upper left position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 K is at the bottom of U vertically.
2 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Object R is above object G and to the left of it, too.
2 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 V is over there and L is directly above it.
2 V is diagonally below A to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	right	1
1 T is over there and U is directly below it.
2 U is south west of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	above	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of W.
2 B and W are parallel, and B on the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	right	1
1 M is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 A presents lower right to D.
2 The objects Z and A are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	right	1
1 Q is to the top-right of Y.
2 B presents below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	right	1
1 A is over there with Z below.
2 A is directly south west of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 The objects D and L are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
2 L is over there with Y below.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	left	1
1 The objects J and U are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 Object J is above object I and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 P is below R.
2 F is above R at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 N is at the bottom of X.
2 N is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	below	1
1 X is on the right and M is on the left.
2 X is positioned below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	right	1
1 C is lower right of P.
2 S is sitting in the left direction of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 B is placed on the top of A.
2 B is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	above	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of J.
2 H presents below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	above	1
1 X is to the top-left of B.
2 I is positioned in the top left corner of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
2 M is sitting at the upper left position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 E is on the right and S is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is directly north east of O.
2 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	above	1
1 W is upper left of S.
2 S is lower left to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 O and Q are parallel, and O on the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 N is directly north east of T.
2 The object M and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 J is placed in the left direction of A.
2 V is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 Q is positioned below and to the right of J.
2 U is sitting at the top position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the right of J.
2 J is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
2 O is below F at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 O is north east of B.
2 O is on the upper right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
2 U and O are both there with the object U is to the right of object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally below K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 P is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object J.
2 H is above S at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Q presents lower left to K.
2 P is to the top-right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there and A is directly below it.
2 Y and A are both there with the object Y is to the right of object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the left of O horizontally.
2 X is placed at the upper right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
2 U is at E's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 T is on top of P.
2 V is north west of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned in the front right corner of X.
2 X is diagonally right and below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	right	1
1 P and I are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	left	1
1 B presents upper left to Z.
2 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 K presents left to O.
2 K is to the left of F horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
2 Z presents right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Z and W are vertical and Z is below W.
2 Z and J are next to each other with J at the bottom Z on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	above	1
1 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
2 M is directly above N.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 J is above and to the right of B.
2 S is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there and R is on the right.
2 Q is positioned above K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 B is sitting at the upper left position to I.
2 B and A are next to each other with A on the right and B on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Q and Z are side by side with Q on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 D and Z are next to each other with D on the top and Z at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	above	1
1 N is directly north west of I.
2 W and I are side by side with W on the top and I at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	left	1
1 W is directly south east of C.
2 S is to the left of C horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	left	1
1 T and G are side by side with G at the bottom and T on the top.
2 U is north east of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 F and E are next to each other with E on the right and F on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 B and Q are parallel, and B on the right of Q.
2 H and B are side by side with H on the top and B at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 U is over there with I below.
2 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 K and X are parallel, and K is under X.
2 X is south west of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of G.
2 O is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned up and to the right of Z.
2 Q presents left to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	left	1
1 C is positioned above and to the left of N.
2 E and N are parallel, and E is over N.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	left	1
1 A is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 N is on the upper right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	above	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
2 A is to the left of L horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
2 C and K are in a vertical line with K below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 W and I are both there with the object I below the object W.
2 M and W are parallel, and M is on top of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly above R.
2 R and X are both there with the object R above the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	below	1
1 R is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
2 M is above F with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 H is below X at 7 o'clock.
2 C and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the top right of Q.
2 Y is placed at the upper right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 I is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 V is upper right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the top of F vertically.
2 Y is above F and to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 R is positioned below X.
2 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object D is positioned directly below the object U.
2 U and C are side by side with U on the top and C at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 P is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 Z and W are in a vertical line with Z on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 Z is placed on the top of Q.
2 E is to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 P and V are next to each other with V on the right and P on the left.
2 A is over there with V below.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	left	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
2 V is at the bottom of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	above	1
1 F is to the bottom-right of T.
2 J is on the right side and below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 O and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
2 E is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	left	1
1 Z is above and to the right of I.
2 G is at the lower side of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	below	1
1 B is positioned above and to the left of O.
2 L is positioned below O and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 N and Q are side by side with N on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 S presents right to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	above	1
1 B is on the right and L is on the left.
2 B is at the bottom of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	above	1
1 Q and K are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 Q and D are parallel, and Q is to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 P is diagonally left and below E.
2 P is diagonally left and below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 V is below and to the right of Z.
2 The object Z is positioned directly below the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Q and W are both there with the object W below the object Q.
2 H is to the top of Q vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 C is placed at the bottom of Q.
2 Q is sitting at the lower right position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	below	1
1 S is directly below Y.
2 S and L are parallel, and S is on top of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	below	1
1 X is to the top right of R.
2 E is placed at the lower left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the right of Z.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	right	1
1 V is on the lower left of S.
2 Z is on the upper right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
2 O is positioned below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object X is positioned directly below the object Z.
2 The objects J and Z are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the upper left of A.
2 U is under D.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 T is above S and to the left of S.
2 B is diagonally to the upper right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the top right of N.
2 E is over there and W is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	above	1
1 B is above and to the right of T.
2 P is diagonally right and below B.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	right	1
1 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
2 I presents lower left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at Z's 6 o'clock.
2 Z presents lower right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the left of D horizontally.
2 D is on the left side and above B.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object Z.
2 Z is to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	left	1
1 U is to the bottom right of I.
2 I and M are parallel, and I on the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	above	1
1 D is sitting at the upper left position to L.
2 The object U is positioned above and to the left of object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 T is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
2 H is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	below	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
2 S is positioned right to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	below	1
1 F is to the top of P vertically.
2 W is lower right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
2 C is over there and V is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	left	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of P.
2 W is to the bottom-right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 X is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
2 W is at M’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
2 F and H are both there with the object H below the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	above	1
1 G and D are in a vertical line with D below G.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 A is placed on the top of N.
2 A is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	left	1
1 V is above M with a small gap between them.
2 K is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 C is diagonally left and above C.
2 J and G are both there with the object J is to the right of object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the upper left of J.
2 J is positioned below A and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object N is positioned directly above the object H.
2 O is to the bottom-right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	above	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper left of W.
2 C presents right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
2 T is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 W is upper right to B.
2 W is at R's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	above	1
1 V is on the right side to O.
2 Q is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	above	1
1 L is at Z's 12 o'clock.
2 Z is at W's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	above	1
1 O presents below R.
2 Z is north west of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
2 B is placed at the bottom of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 U is above L and to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Object N is below object X and to the right of it, too.
2 H is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the right and C is on the left.
2 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 U is below N at 4 o'clock.
2 U is to the bottom-right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the right of Q.
2 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	left	1
1 L is positioned up and to the right of X.
2 X is positioned above J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	below	1
1 C and O are side by side with C on the top and O at the bottom.
2 P is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	below	1
1 The object S is positioned above and to the left of object U.
2 S is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The object M and U are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 R and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	below	1
1 L is north east of Q.
2 Q is diagonally right and above K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 V is below K at 4 o'clock.
2 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	right	1
1 T is on top of Y.
2 Z is at Y's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U and R are vertical and U is below R.
2 R is at B's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	above	1
1 F is positioned above and to the left of T.
2 V and F are vertical and V is above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 I is at the lower side of Z.
2 I is over there with M above.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	below	1
1 R is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 U is at the bottom and M is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	right	1
1 K is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 K is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	above	1
1 C is upper right to H.
2 Q is directly north west of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 I is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 I is sitting at the upper left position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 J and D are parallel, and J on the left of D.
2 Q and D are next to each other with Q on the left and D on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object A is positioned directly above the object L.
2 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 G and J are parallel, and G is to the left of J.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to B.
2 G and K are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 P is below and to the right of D.
2 P is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 B is to the right of X horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 L is at R's 6 o'clock.
2 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 K is positioned below N and to the right.
2 B is diagonally left and below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	left	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of H.
2 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	right	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 G is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 T is above H at 2 o'clock.
2 The objects H and I are over there. The object H is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I is above J with a small gap between them.
2 A is positioned below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	below	1
1 O and I are parallel, and O is to the right of I.
2 O and H are both there with the object O is to the left of object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 I is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	above	1
1 R is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
2 R is placed at the upper left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 N is below P at 7 o'clock.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
2 G is on the right side and below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 J is directly south east of P.
2 P is on the lower left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and P is on the right.
2 P is on the top side to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	below	1
1 R is directly south west of V.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 V is directly south west of C.
2 V is on the lower right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 E and U are next to each other with E on the top and U at the bottom.
2 U and C are parallel, and U is under C.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	above	1
1 I is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	right	1
1 C is to the upper left of J.
2 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the right and D is on the left.
2 W presents left to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	left	1
1 P is positioned right to H.
2 O is placed at the bottom of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object E.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Z is directly south east of M.
2 Z is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 J is diagonally to the upper left of L.
2 If J is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 R is at the bottom of D.
2 D and A are both there with the object D is to the right of object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	above	1
1 X and G are side by side with X to the right and G to the left.
2 A is on the left side and above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned up and to the right of A.
2 T is south east of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The objects D and Q are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 N is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
2 M is positioned below V and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 O and E are parallel, and E is below O.
2 The object T is positioned directly above the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	above	1
1 G is over there with B above.
2 V is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 J is placed at the upper right of P.
2 P presents right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned above and to the left of H.
2 H is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 M is over there and N is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 S and H are next to each other with S on the top and H at the bottom.
2 D and H are parallel, and D is to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object N is positioned directly below the object S.
2 S is below K with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	below	1
1 V is over there and L is on the left.
2 V presents lower left to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 A is over there and M is on the left of it.
2 M is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 O and T are parallel, and O is over T.
2 V is placed in the left direction of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 Y is positioned below H and to the right.
2 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object E is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
2 Y is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 O is north east of J.
2 T is positioned in the front right corner of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 V is at U's 6 o'clock.
2 X is positioned in the top left corner of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	below	1
1 F is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 J and G are next to each other with J on the left and G on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	right	1
1 F is on the left side to T.
2 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
2 L is below N with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J and L are next to each other with L at the bottom J on the top.
2 L is over there and T is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 H and P are horizontal and H is to the left of P.
2 M is on the lower left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	right	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
2 O and U are horizontal and O is to the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object O and I are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 I is to the bottom-left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned above Y and to the left.
2 Q is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 D and O are both there with the object D is to the right of object O.
2 O is at the bottom and H is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	below	1
1 E is over there with V below.
2 V is south west of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally right and below D.
2 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 H is positioned above and to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 V and M are horizontal and V is to the right of M.
2 S and V are in a vertical line with S on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	above	1
1 J is on the left side to I.
2 M is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Q and K are next to each other with Q on the left and K on the right.
2 K is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 B is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face B.
2 C is positioned above and to the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 G is on the left side and above U.
2 L and G are in a vertical line with L on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	below	1
1 C is lower right of P.
2 The object J and C are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 J is below I with a small gap between them.
2 E is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	right	1
1 J is below and to the right of C.
2 C is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 D is directly north west of Z.
2 D is to the bottom-right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper left of O.
2 Y is on the left side of and below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 A is over there and L is on the top of it.
2 The object A and S are there. The object S is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	above	1
1 R is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
2 The objects F and R are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object I.
2 B is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at the bottom of U.
2 Z is at the lower side of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	below	1
1 P is on the left side to X.
2 X is to the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	left	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
2 G is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	below	1
1 C is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 C is on the right side to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	right	1
1 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 Y is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
2 R is south east of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 H is placed in the left direction of T.
2 C is below H and to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the 12:00 position to C.
2 W and L are both there with the object W is to the left of object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 K is lower right of D.
2 U is sitting in the right direction of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned above M and to the left.
2 A is directly south east of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 V is over there and C is directly below it.
2 V is placed at the bottom of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	above	1
1 I is on the right side and below H.
2 H and C are both there with the object H above the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 V presents upper right to X.
2 V and O are next to each other with O on the right and V on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there and D is on the left.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	left	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of Y.
2 X is placed at the bottom of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 O presents below Z.
2 S is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 E is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
2 E is to the bottom-right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	above	1
1 Y is at the lower side of I.
2 N and I are parallel, and N is to the left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	right	1
1 Object P is above object A and to the left of it, too.
2 P is at L's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
2 D is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	above	1
1 Y is placed at the lower right of J.
2 H is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 D is on the right and P is on the left.
2 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	right	1
1 N is at U's 6 o'clock.
2 Z is above N at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	below	1
1 S is on top of R.
2 U is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	below	1
1 J is to the upper left of E.
2 E is positioned below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 E is at the bottom of U.
2 F is placed at the bottom of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 K is to the bottom right of C.
2 C is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 D is below Z with a small gap between them.
2 Z is placed in the left direction of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 B is above S and to the right of S.
2 D is over there and B is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 H is lower left to S.
2 Y is over H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	left	1
1 X is positioned right to S.
2 The object F and S are there. The object F is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, H is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D presents right to I.
2 H is sitting at the upper right position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	right	1
1 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 G is to the bottom left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	right	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper right of O.
2 Z is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 X is below and to the right of T.
2 X and G are in a vertical line with G below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned down and to the left of O.
2 H is placed in the right direction of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	right	1
1 L is at the bottom of T.
2 T is sitting in the right direction of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	below	1
1 P and L are in a vertical line with L below P.
2 L is sitting in the right direction of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	below	1
1 Q is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 T is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 E is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
2 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	right	1
1 P is positioned below O and to the left.
2 Object O is above object V and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 H is placed on the top of G.
2 H is north east of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	right	1
1 V is above and to the right of C.
2 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	below	1
1 I is at G’s 9 o'clock.
2 The object S and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 C is directly south east of J.
2 F is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 K and O are parallel, and K is to the left of O.
2 N is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	below	1
1 N is at H's 12 o'clock.
2 H and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 G is upper left of V.
2 Y presents lower left to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 V is above and to the right of I.
2 W is sitting at the top position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
2 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	above	1
1 K is below Z at 7 o'clock.
2 B is placed at the lower right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
2 L and E are side by side with L to the left and E to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
2 The objects O and C are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Q is diagonally right and above U.
2 P is over U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Z is on the right side to V.
2 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	right	1
1 T presents upper right to K.
2 Z is positioned left to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally left and below X.
2 U presents below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	below	1
1 Y is to the left of C horizontally.
2 Y and F are parallel, and F is below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	above	1
1 W is over there and L is directly below it.
2 U presents lower right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	below	1
1 O is over there and H is on the right.
2 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 W is below and to the left of U.
2 W is to the left of N horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Q is below and to the right of J.
2 D is positioned below J and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 B is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 P and B are parallel, and B is below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	above	1
1 W is placed at the upper right of K.
2 Z is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	below	1
1 V is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 I is diagonally to the upper right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 A is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 X is directly above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
2 If U is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
2 S is at the bottom of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	left	1
1 C is positioned in the lower left corner of R.
2 Q is over there and C is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 T is at H’s 9 o'clock.
2 T is placed at the bottom of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 I is directly south west of L.
2 S is over there and I is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 B is under Z.
2 W is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	right	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly above J.
2 A is diagonally to the bottom left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the right side and top of C.
2 I is over there and E is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	below	1
1 K is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 M and K are parallel, and M is under K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned up and to the right of N.
2 N is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	left	1
1 O is sitting in the right direction of U.
2 Object Q is below object U and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned above H and to the left.
2 N is sitting in the right direction of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 H presents upper right to D.
2 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned below J.
2 If W is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 J is positioned left to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 J is diagonally right and below Q.
2 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper right of D.
2 N presents right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned below R and to the left.
2 Y and R are horizontal and Y is to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the right of U.
2 L is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 X is below M and to the left of M.
2 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Z is upper left of N.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 I and S are both there with the object I is to the left of object S.
2 S is above O at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 P is on the left side of and below W.
2 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	left	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
2 The objects I and R are over there. The object I is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	right	1
1 P is directly below W.
2 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	below	1
1 U is over there and W is on the left.
2 U is on the top and F is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	left	1
1 M is over there and T is on the left.
2 C presents upper right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 T is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 T is below A at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 E and Q are both there with the object Q below the object E.
2 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	below	1
1 F is on the lower left of V.
2 F and Y are both there with the object F is to the left of object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E is positioned above B and to the right.
2 B presents upper right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting at the lower position to O.
2 N is over there and E is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 J and E are next to each other with J on the top and E at the bottom.
2 E is on the left side of and below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	below	1
1 P is above J.
2 J is positioned below and to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 B presents lower left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 O is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
2 The objects E and B are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	left	1
1 S is diagonally right and above A.
2 O is to the right of A horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the left side of and below O.
2 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 W and Z are parallel, and W is under Z.
2 Z is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Y and H are side by side with H at the bottom and Y on the top.
2 V is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned above and to the left of O.
2 The object C is positioned directly below the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 C presents below Y.
2 If E is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	right	1
1 N and H are vertical and N is below H.
2 R is diagonally right and below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 L is upper left of Q.
2 L is above X at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 L is south east of I.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 R is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
2 J is on the left and L is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 K is placed in the right direction of V.
2 M is to the top-left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper right of R.
2 B is on the left and V is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	left	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
2 The object G and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the top side to G.
2 M is sitting at the lower left position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	left	1
1 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to C.
2 F is over there with G above.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	above	1
1 F presents upper right to W.
2 N and F are vertical and N is below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	below	1
1 A is at the bottom of O.
2 D is on the top of O and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	above	1
1 R is over there with J below.
2 R is above and to the left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	below	1
1 R is below G and to the left of G.
2 The object F is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 O is directly south west of T.
2 X is north east of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 U is over Z.
2 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U is above O at 2 o'clock.
2 J is over there and O is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	left	1
1 F is to the top of A vertically.
2 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 B and W are vertical and B is below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	below	1
1 H is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 W is diagonally to the upper left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 C is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Z is positioned left to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	left	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of O.
2 D is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
2 G and Z are horizontal and G is to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	left	1
1 E and T are side by side with E on the top and T at the bottom.
2 U is placed in the right direction of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	right	1
1 R is to the left of O.
2 V is above and to the right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	right	1
1 N is placed at the upper left of K.
2 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 U is over there with S above.
2 S is to the left of N horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	below	1
1 A is to the top-left of M.
2 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 L is on the right side and top of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Y is diagonally left and below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 X is positioned in the top left corner of K.
2 K is on the left side to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	left	1
1 A is upper left of I.
2 A is below D and to the left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 M and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	right	1
1 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to F.
2 D is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 Q is north west of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 P and Q are both there with the object P is to the left of object Q.
2 P is above X with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	above	1
1 C is below E and to the right of E.
2 E is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 L and P are parallel, and P is below L.
2 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	above	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of X.
2 P is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	right	1
1 W is to the bottom right of C.
2 W is at Q's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned below and to the right of Q.
2 I is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
2 C is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	below	1
1 N and Y are parallel, and N is under Y.
2 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 G and A are parallel, and G is to the left of A.
2 E and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	right	1
1 A is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
2 N is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	right	1
1 M and S are parallel, and M on the right of S.
2 S is south west of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
2 G and V are next to each other with G on the left and V on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 G and D are parallel, and G on the left of D.
2 Q is diagonally left and below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the left and N is on the right.
2 N is above P and to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
2 A is north west of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	left	1
1 W is below and to the left of I.
2 K is at the bottom of I vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	left	1
1 C and N are horizontal and C is to the left of N.
2 L is over there and C is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	left	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 S is south west of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 L is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 F is on the top and M is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	above	1
1 X is on top of O.
2 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 M is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	left	1
1 E is to the left of R.
2 E is over there and T is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 The objects T and P are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 C is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object X and B are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 X is on the top of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	below	1
1 X is over there and T is directly above it.
2 J is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the right side to T.
2 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	left	1
1 N is above R.
2 N is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object S is positioned directly above the object C.
2 C is over there and M is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	right	1
1 T is at the bottom of N vertically.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D and H are both there with the object D is to the right of object H.
2 H is above and to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 L is positioned below H and to the left.
2 D is on the right side and top of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 O presents lower right to K.
2 O is over Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 T is directly above D.
2 D is to the upper left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 P is over there and X is on the left.
2 U is at P's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 A is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 T is diagonally left and above T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the bottom-left of E.
2 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
2 N is to the bottom-left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The objects U and L are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 N presents right to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 D is at M's 6 o'clock.
2 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of O.
2 O and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	left	1
1 X is to the top-right of E.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 C is on the left side of and below E.
2 T is placed at the upper left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 G is directly below A.
2 C is positioned below A and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	right	1
1 K is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 K is over there and V is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	left	1
1 E is on the right side to N.
2 N is on the right side and below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the upper left of F.
2 F is on the lower right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 O is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned down and to the left of G.
2 I is positioned below and to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the right and Z is on the left.
2 Z is upper left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	below	1
1 N is on the right side and top of K.
2 W is to the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	right	1
1 U is to the left of B horizontally.
2 U is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	above	1
1 U is on the top side to Y.
2 U is over there and A is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	right	1
1 Y presents left to G.
2 C is positioned in the lower left corner of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Z is directly north west of Q.
2 Q and X are vertical and Q is above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is above P.
2 Object E is below object P and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	below	1
1 O is to the top of R vertically.
2 R is to the bottom-left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	left	1
1 R and M are in a vertical line with M below R.
2 Z is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	below	1
1 F and S are side by side with S at the bottom and F on the top.
2 D is to the top right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	above	1
1 H is north west of N.
2 D is positioned below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 X is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 I is to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	above	1
1 O is positioned left to Z.
2 O is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	left	1
1 T is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 X is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	left	1
1 T is directly north east of H.
2 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
2 H is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the upper left position to R.
2 V and R are parallel, and V is to the right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object P.
2 P is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 E and L are both there with the object E above the object L.
2 V and L are parallel, and V is under L.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	above	1
1 O presents below Y.
2 O is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	above	1
1 G and S are parallel, and G on the right of S.
2 F is sitting at the upper left position to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	right	1
1 M is to the right of X.
2 X is at C's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 J and C are next to each other with J on the left and C on the right.
2 C and V are parallel, and C on the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 B is to the left of H horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	left	1
1 J is positioned below U and to the left.
2 W is positioned below U and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object J and to the right of it, too.
2 J is at the bottom of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 B and U are in a vertical line with U below B.
2 B is sitting in the right direction of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	below	1
1 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 V is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	left	1
1 L is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 L is below N with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	below	1
1 P and N are vertical and P is above N.
2 T is over there and N is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	right	1
1 W and N are side by side with W to the left and N to the right.
2 W is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 G is to the top of X vertically.
2 I and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 P is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 The objects Q and F are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	below	1
1 U is positioned above D and to the left.
2 U is on the right side and top of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 G is above S at 2 o'clock.
2 V and G are side by side with V to the right and G to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the bottom-left of B.
2 B is directly above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	below	1
1 I and X are parallel, and I is under X.
2 X is sitting at the top position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 H is over there and U is on the right of it.
2 U is positioned above and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The object D and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 D presents upper right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 D and B are both there with the object D is to the left of object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	left	1
1 B is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
2 Z is on the right side to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	left	1
1 F and R are parallel, and F on the right of R.
2 I is over there and R is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the left side of and below J.
2 S is diagonally right and below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Y and P are next to each other with Y on the top and P at the bottom.
2 P is placed in the right direction of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and G is on the left of it.
2 G is positioned below D and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 X is on the left and J is on the right.
2 X is over there and N is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	left	1
1 H is on the lower left of F.
2 L is positioned above F and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 S is placed on the top of E.
2 E is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	above	1
1 D is sitting at the top position to J.
2 J is diagonally to the upper left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S and Q are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
2 Object T is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object V is positioned directly below the object W.
2 V is below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	above	1
1 F and D are horizontal and F is to the left of D.
2 D presents upper left to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 M presents lower left to X.
2 M is there and G is at the 2 position of a clock face M.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 A is over there and U is directly above it.
2 O is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of V.
2 R is north east of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 T is placed at the bottom of N.
2 X is to the top-left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	above	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
2 J is positioned left to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	left	1
1 A is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 K and F are parallel, and K on the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 F is placed on the top of J.
2 S and J are side by side with S to the right and J to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 V and Z are parallel, and V is to the right of Z.
2 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 H and E are parallel, and H is to the left of E.
2 H is on the left and S is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 B is over there with F above.
2 B is directly north west of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
2 L is lower left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 C and I are side by side with C to the right and I to the left.
2 M is below C at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object P is positioned directly above the object Q.
2 H is on the upper right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned above and to the left of L.
2 A and D are horizontal and A is to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned above H and to the right.
2 H is below G at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 B is placed at the upper left of A.
2 A is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 X is placed in the right direction of A.
2 X is to the right of G horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 S is above N at 10 o'clock.
2 N is to the top right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 2 and 3.
2 R presents upper right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 L is at the bottom of D vertically.
2 G and D are parallel, and G is over D.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	above	1
1 V is positioned above U.
2 T and U are next to each other with T on the top and U at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	above	1
1 G is placed at the upper left of V.
2 S is to the bottom right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the bottom-left of Z.
2 T is sitting in the right direction of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 J is above and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 T is below V with a small gap between them.
2 F is to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is positioned above and to the left of V.
2 Z is over there with V above.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 T is above X at 10 o'clock.
2 X is at P's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	left	1
1 Object D is below object L and to the left of it, too.
2 D and E are both there with the object D is to the left of object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	above	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper right of T.
2 The object Z is positioned directly above the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	below	1
1 B is to the top right of A.
2 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 N is directly north west of D.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K is upper right to V.
2 The objects K and G are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned in the front right corner of G.
2 G is on the left side and above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	below	1
1 Z is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 J is positioned below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 B is below M at 4 o'clock.
2 M is over there and Y is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
2 C is over there with R above.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 V is at P's 3 o'clock.
2 H is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	right	1
1 Q is over there and O is on the top of it.
2 O is diagonally right and below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Y and F are side by side with Y on the top and F at the bottom.
2 P is below Y and to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	above	1
1 D is positioned left to K.
2 D is north east of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the upper left of P.
2 E and P are side by side with E on the top and P at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	above	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 D and V are both there with the object D is to the right of object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 S is below Y and to the left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 J is on the upper right of P.
2 E is upper right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned above and to the left of R.
2 R and W are both there with the object R is to the left of object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the top position to H.
2 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 V and H are both there with the object H below the object V.
2 V is over there and N is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	below	1
1 U is above and to the left of I.
2 B is positioned in the top left corner of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 E and Q are parallel, and E is to the right of Q.
2 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 G is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
2 P is to the bottom-right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 A is above and to the right of T.
2 N is on the right side to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	left	1
1 N is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	above	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 T and Q are parallel, and T is under Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the bottom-right of I.
2 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 U is over there and L is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 C is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the right side to X.
2 U is to the bottom left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	right	1
1 F is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is to the upper left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
2 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The objects N and O are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 N is positioned left to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 H is upper right to L.
2 H is over there and M is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	above	1
1 B and T are vertical and B is below T.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the lower side of V.
2 V presents lower left to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 W and Y are both there with the object Y below the object W.
2 W is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 D is placed on the top of V.
2 E is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
2 C is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 D and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
2 D is to the bottom-left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
2 Object I is below object L and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	below	1
1 W is over there and X is directly above it.
2 E is over X.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	below	1
1 P is on the left and Y is on the right.
2 Y is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the left side to T.
2 M is over there and A is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 N and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
2 N and V are parallel, and N is on top of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	above	1
1 Y and M are side by side with Y to the right and M to the left.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F and D are parallel, and F is to the left of D.
2 D and B are parallel, and D is to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	right	1
1 D is below F and to the left of F.
2 U is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 J is diagonally to the bottom left of Z.
2 Z and X are both there with the object Z above the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	left	1
1 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 Z is upper right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	below	1
1 E is under V.
2 V is positioned in the front right corner of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	left	1
1 C is placed at the bottom of P.
2 P is diagonally to the upper left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 I is directly south west of O.
2 O is on the left side to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 M is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is on the left side of and below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
2 W is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 C and V are horizontal and C is to the left of V.
2 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Object Z is below object H and to the right of it, too.
2 Z is on the right and D is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	right	1
1 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
2 U and W are vertical and U is below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	below	1
1 Y is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 Y and W are both there with the object Y is to the right of object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	left	1
1 C presents below E.
2 C is at the lower side of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	below	1
1 H is over there and E is on the left.
2 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
2 O presents left to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Object K is below object A and to the left of it, too.
2 R is to the upper left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the lower side of L.
2 L is below A at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object A.
2 G is directly below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	below	1
1 C is on the right side and top of Z.
2 Z and B are parallel, and Z is under B.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 L is above W at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 M is below E and to the left of E.
2 M and X are side by side with M to the right and X to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	left	1
1 C is diagonally right and below A.
2 M is on the lower left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the left of P.
2 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 H presents over Z.
2 O is directly south east of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object M and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 Q is sitting at the upper right position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	right	1
1 C is upper right to R.
2 C presents upper left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
2 The object O and Y are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	right	1
1 C is below E and to the left of E.
2 C is diagonally to the bottom left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the left of C.
2 H is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object P and G are there. The object P is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 K is above E with a small gap between them.
2 Y is above and to the left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is to the upper left of C.
2 H is placed at the lower left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	above	1
1 M is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face M.
2 P is to the upper left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q and A are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 A is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
2 B is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 B is north east of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Q and D are parallel, and Q is over D.
2 K is above Q and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	below	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 L is placed in the left direction of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 O is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 O and L are parallel, and O is to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	above	1
1 W is directly north east of E.
2 E is below and to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 L and T are horizontal and L is to the left of T.
2 L is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	above	1
1 T is positioned below C.
2 C is diagonally right and above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 M and G are side by side with G at the bottom and M on the top.
2 O is above and to the right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the top of G vertically.
2 C is below H and to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
2 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Object L is below object O and to the left of it, too.
2 K is directly south west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 H and Q are both there with the object H is to the left of object Q.
2 H is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 N and W are both there with the object N is to the right of object W.
2 J is positioned left to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	left	1
1 B is at R's 6 o'clock.
2 B is to the top-right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	above	1
1 D is on the left side and above I.
2 I is directly north east of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	below	1
1 I is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 U is to the left of I horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is on the left side and above X.
2 I is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 H is sitting at the top position to C.
2 R is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	above	1
1 N is positioned below and to the right of F.
2 Object Y is below object F and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Y and S are side by side with S at the bottom and Y on the top.
2 Y and L are vertical and Y is above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	below	1
1 E is to the top-right of W.
2 L is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
2 S is sitting in the right direction of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	right	1
1 K is above T and to the left of T.
2 C is to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is below Z with a small gap between them.
2 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned below X and to the right.
2 D is upper left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Object Q is below object L and to the left of it, too.
2 L is over there and Z is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 N presents right to L.
2 A is at the bottom of N vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	right	1
1 M and W are parallel, and M on the right of W.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	right	1
1 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
2 S is placed at the bottom of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	above	1
1 S is below P.
2 W is at S's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	above	1
1 C is under F.
2 C is sitting in the right direction of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	left	1
1 J is diagonally right and below E.
2 E is directly north west of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the left side of and below G.
2 C is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	right	1
1 K presents below E.
2 E is to the upper left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
2 L is positioned below V and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 Y is positioned up and to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 F and E are parallel, and F is under E.
2 E is placed at the bottom of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	below	1
1 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
2 F is to the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	left	1
1 J is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
2 V is above and to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 D is upper left of H.
2 H is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	left	1
1 D is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 Q is above A at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
2 J is placed at the upper left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the right side to N.
2 L is to the left of N horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	left	1
1 Y is directly south west of K.
2 K is diagonally left and below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 S is sitting at the lower position to D.
2 F is sitting at the upper left position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	below	1
1 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
2 D is on the lower right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally right and below U.
2 L and Z are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Y is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 R is over there and V is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	left	1
1 J and Q are next to each other with J on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 Q and R are side by side with Q to the left and R to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	right	1
1 U is below and to the left of Z.
2 U presents left to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of V.
2 S is on the upper right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	right	1
1 I and E are parallel, and I is to the right of E.
2 I is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	right	1
1 G is below T and to the left of T.
2 G is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	below	1
1 Y is to the bottom-left of D.
2 D is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the bottom-right of Z.
2 A is positioned in the top left corner of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the upper left of A.
2 O is below and to the right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P is below C.
2 Q presents over P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 S is on the right side to A.
2 A is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	above	1
1 P is diagonally left and above P.
2 If V is the center of a clock face, K is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the bottom-right of U.
2 E is south west of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
2 R is on the lower left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 O is over there and D is on the top of it.
2 L and O are parallel, and L on the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 B is directly north east of K.
2 Y is on the right side to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 N is over there and G is directly below it.
2 G and H are parallel, and H is below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	above	1
1 O presents below Z.
2 J presents left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	right	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 E and A are next to each other with A at the bottom E on the top.
2 A and Q are side by side with A on the top and Q at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object E is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 S is on the right side and top of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	right	1
1 A is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 A is sitting in the left direction of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 O is positioned right to V.
2 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there and D is on the left of it.
2 T is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	right	1
1 Z is on the right and K is on the left.
2 J is placed on the top of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 H is below D with a small gap between them.
2 G is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed on the top of J.
2 X is positioned below C and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	left	1
1 T and E are both there with the object T above the object E.
2 B is above E with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	above	1
1 C is positioned above and to the left of Z.
2 G is directly north west of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 The object K and D are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is directly north east of N.
2 A is to the bottom right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 V is on the right and D is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	right	1
1 Z is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Z is directly above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	right	1
1 C and H are parallel, and C on the left of H.
2 H is on the top side to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 O and L are in a vertical line with L below O.
2 X is above O at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned in the front right corner of J.
2 Z is diagonally to the upper right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 W presents upper left to Y.
2 V is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to F.
2 H and I are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 J is placed at the bottom of G.
2 Y is to the right of J horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The objects O and V are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 Y is below O and to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 A is sitting in the right direction of J.
2 J is above P with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the lower right of E.
2 T is at E’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
2 N is placed at the lower left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 K is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 K presents upper left to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 X is sitting at the lower position to T.
2 H is directly north west of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
2 Z is placed at the upper right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 O is over there with C below.
2 C is above and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 M is directly north west of T.
2 M is placed in the right direction of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 L and C are parallel, and L is to the right of C.
2 I and L are vertical and I is above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the lower right position to T.
2 K is to the bottom-right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 W is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 X is diagonally left and below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the top-left of N.
2 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	right	1
1 S is on the left and M is on the right.
2 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	left	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 S is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
2 D is at the bottom of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	below	1
1 E is on the left and C is on the right.
2 X is sitting at the lower left position to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the right of E horizontally.
2 C and O are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	right	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 B and Z are parallel, and B is under Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 L is upper right to O.
2 M and L are side by side with M to the left and L to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	above	1
1 S is placed at the lower right of W.
2 N is over there and W is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
2 S is upper right to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 U is to the right of Z horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	below	1
1 D is positioned below P and to the right.
2 The objects K and D are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	below	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Q is positioned up and to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	left	1
1 R and Z are side by side with Z at the bottom and R on the top.
2 S is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	below	1
1 O is on the left side to Z.
2 Z is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E is placed at the bottom of N.
2 J is above E and to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 R is diagonally right and below Q.
2 Q is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 Object L is below object R and to the right of it, too.
2 L and V are in a vertical line with L on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	above	1
1 W is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
2 O is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 J is placed at the bottom of R.
2 G is sitting at the lower left position to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the left side to E.
2 D is on the right and B is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	right	1
1 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 Z is to the left of D horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 P is on the right side to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	left	1
1 U and I are next to each other with U on the left and I on the right.
2 Object I is above object B and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
2 T is over there with W above.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the lower left position to H.
2 H is to the bottom left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the right and O is on the left.
2 G is on the left side of and below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	left	1
1 D presents lower right to W.
2 W and F are vertical and W is above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	above	1
1 P is over there and C is on the left of it.
2 P is to the right of N horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	right	1
1 K is positioned below E and to the right.
2 Y is to the right of K horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	right	1
1 N is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Q and N are parallel, and N is below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 A is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 A presents left to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 H is diagonally right and below M.
2 L is positioned below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	below	1
1 H is on the right side to S.
2 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the right side to P.
2 M is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	below	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
2 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	left	1
1 J is diagonally left and above J.
2 C is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	left	1
1 Object G is below object D and to the right of it, too.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 V is upper right to Z.
2 V and X are parallel, and V on the left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the right of K.
2 V and K are both there with the object V is to the right of object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	right	1
1 P is under C.
2 B is over there and P is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	above	1
1 R is below K and to the left of K.
2 The object K is positioned directly above the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 V and O are both there with the object V is to the right of object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to L.
2 L presents lower right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	left	1
1 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
2 G is to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	left	1
1 W is to the upper left of I.
2 I is sitting at the top position to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Q is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 C is at the lower side of Z.
2 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	left	1
1 E is to the bottom left of A.
2 G is below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the bottom-right of T.
2 T is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned above A and to the right.
2 E is above and to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
2 O is positioned up and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Z and C are parallel, and Z is to the right of C.
2 Z is below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	below	1
1 L is positioned above and to the left of S.
2 S presents upper right to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over E.
2 The objects Z and Q are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	right	1
1 L is on the left and H is on the right.
2 L is below K and to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 J presents below L.
2 H is on the right side to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	right	1
1 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
2 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	left	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 N is above K at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 N is above G and to the left of G.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, G is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
2 D is on the right side to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	right	1
1 U is positioned above V.
2 U is to the left of L horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 W is over there and A is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	right	1
1 The objects R and C are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 N is upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	right	1
1 R is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 A is on the left and P is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 D is north east of C.
2 C is sitting at the upper right position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and A is directly above it.
2 A is south east of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
2 The object K and B are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	right	1
1 A is south east of Z.
2 M is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the top-right of R.
2 U is at Z's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned below R and to the left.
2 O and V are next to each other with V on the right and O on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
2 O is above C and to the left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the bottom-left of G.
2 K is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	above	1
1 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
2 N and K are horizontal and N is to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	left	1
1 R is positioned above E.
2 Z is at R's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	above	1
1 F is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 X is positioned down and to the left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to W.
2 W is below and to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 M is over D.
2 I and D are next to each other with D on the right and I on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Y is directly below Q.
2 P and Y are both there with the object Y below the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
2 V is positioned in the top left corner of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
2 D is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	left	1
1 U is to the bottom-right of D.
2 H is on the left and D is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
2 G is positioned below K and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the lower left of Q.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 G is directly north east of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 N is below and to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 X is diagonally right and above D.
2 B is placed on the top of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	above	1
1 J is north east of U.
2 U is under A.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	below	1
1 F is lower right of N.
2 S is positioned in the top left corner of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 L presents right to X.
2 L is sitting at the top position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	left	1
1 I is positioned in the top left corner of R.
2 J is above I and to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 A is placed in the right direction of B.
2 A is to the upper left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 F and N are next to each other with N at the bottom F on the top.
2 N is to the top of C vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	above	1
1 N is on the right and U is on the left.
2 N is to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 H is to the top of O vertically.
2 H is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	above	1
1 R is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
2 Y is positioned below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 I is above and to the right of L.
2 Q is to the top right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned in the top left corner of P.
2 W is over there with T above.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 Q is placed at the upper right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	right	1
1 E and V are parallel, and E is under V.
2 E is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 D is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 U is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 F is over there and Q is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 J is positioned below and to the right of T.
2 K is there and J is at the 2 position of a clock face K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Y and K are next to each other with K on the right and Y on the left.
2 Y is over there and N is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 Z is placed at the bottom of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	left	1
1 A is positioned left to H.
2 A is positioned up and to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
2 M and W are parallel, and M is on top of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P is diagonally right and below A.
2 Object P is below object O and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 Z is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 Z is to the upper left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object B and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	below	1
1 V is sitting at the lower left position to H.
2 V is positioned in the top left corner of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 L is below M and to the right of M.
2 R is over there and M is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 M is upper left of G.
2 K is sitting at the lower right position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 S is north west of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
2 N and C are side by side with C at the bottom and N on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	right	1
1 G is above Y and to the left of Y.
2 K is above and to the left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 H is over there and C is on the right.
2 Q is lower right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	left	1
1 S is over there and C is on the right of it.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
2 V is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 R is below and to the left of E.
2 P is south east of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 X is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 A is at X’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the top right of V.
2 F is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 A is upper right to T.
2 N is placed in the right direction of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 P and J are horizontal and P is to the right of J.
2 U is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 O is positioned below W and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and I is on the left of it.
2 G is on the top side to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	left	1
1 X is on the left side of and below A.
2 X is on the left and S is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	above	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 The object C and R are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	below	1
1 P is directly south east of C.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 Y is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 O presents right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 C is below L and to the left of L.
2 C is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the bottom-right of I.
2 O is positioned in the top left corner of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is below and to the left of U.
2 U is over there and D is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	below	1
1 A and W are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
2 W and Z are next to each other with W on the left and Z on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	left	1
1 F is to the top right of X.
2 U is placed at the lower right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Y is placed at the lower right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
2 M and C are parallel, and C is below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 J is placed at the lower left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 P is on the right side and top of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
2 V and U are in a horizontal line with U on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	left	1
1 W and U are both there with the object W is to the left of object U.
2 Y and W are parallel, and Y on the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	right	1
1 B and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and B on the left.
2 V and B are side by side with V on the top and B at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	below	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to O.
2 H is positioned above O and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 P presents left to Y.
2 L and Y are both there with the object L is to the left of object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 Y and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
2 S is below D with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the left of C horizontally.
2 W and V are parallel, and W is to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	left	1
1 P and M are parallel, and P is to the right of M.
2 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 V and T are vertical and V is above T.
2 T is north west of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 M is directly north east of N.
2 M is to the top-left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the top side to P.
2 M is over there and P is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	right	1
1 F is placed on the top of P.
2 P is below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	above	1
1 K is above and to the left of R.
2 W is to the top right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 P presents over E.
2 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	above	1
1 M is over there and A is on the right.
2 A is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned up and to the right of P.
2 Object F is below object I and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the bottom right of J.
2 J is below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 N is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face N.
2 W is positioned down and to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the bottom right of E.
2 E is at the bottom of C vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the top and G is at the bottom.
2 Q is on the right and G is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	below	1
1 L and M are parallel, and M is below L.
2 L is over there and J is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	above	1
1 W is lower right of V.
2 V is over there and G is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally right and below X.
2 Q is upper left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 P is north west of K.
2 P is directly below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper right of U.
2 A is placed at the bottom of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the lower left of Q.
2 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	right	1
1 Y is lower left to G.
2 B is over Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Z is on the top and K is at the bottom.
2 T is to the bottom-right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	above	1
1 C is to the right of Z.
2 The object I is positioned above and to the left of object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	below	1
1 W is below M and to the left of M.
2 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	right	1
1 S is lower left to N.
2 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	below	1
1 F is over there with Q above.
2 The objects Q and I are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	right	1
1 W is over there and O is on the left.
2 O is above X and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned below L.
2 J is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 T is below and to the right of W.
2 W is on the left side of and below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the lower left of P.
2 Y is at M’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 N is south east of V.
2 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	right	1
1 K is on the lower left of Y.
2 K is positioned in the front right corner of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 T is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
2 Z is below X and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 N presents lower left to O.
2 Z and N are parallel, and Z is to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 O is over there and B is on the left of it.
2 B is at the bottom of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	below	1
1 M is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 U is above A at 10 o'clock.
2 W and U are side by side with W to the right and U to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of P.
2 A is below H and to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 I and J are parallel, and I is to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned below H and to the left.
2 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	left	1
1 Q and H are both there with the object Q above the object H.
2 The objects Q and I are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 I and Y are both there with the object I is to the left of object Y.
2 Y presents left to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	left	1
1 G is positioned above V.
2 Z is positioned below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
2 The object C and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	below	1
1 V is positioned right to D.
2 G is to the top right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 M is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 R is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	above	1
1 W is sitting at the top position to O.
2 O is placed on the top of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	above	1
1 C is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 W is diagonally right and below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	left	1
1 M and O are parallel, and M is to the left of O.
2 O presents upper right to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 S is placed at the upper right of A.
2 A is at G’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
2 K is positioned down and to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
2 A is positioned right to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally right and above X.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there with M above.
2 B is diagonally right and below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 M is diagonally right and below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the left of M horizontally.
2 K is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 C and L are horizontal and C is to the right of L.
2 C is south west of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	below	1
1 M is upper right to H.
2 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 W is above T with a small gap between them.
2 W and J are in a vertical line with J below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	below	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 W is sitting at the lower right position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of O.
2 Object I is below object O and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the left and V is on the right.
2 Q is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 M and E are next to each other with M on the top and E at the bottom.
2 If U is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	above	1
1 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
2 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	right	1
1 The objects M and P are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 Y is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 F is directly north east of Z.
2 Z and E are both there with the object Z above the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 K is above D and to the left of D.
2 N is to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 P is diagonally left and below S.
2 S is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	above	1
1 K is on the left side to S.
2 W is diagonally above K to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is on top of N.
2 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	right	1
1 X is over there and H is directly above it.
2 H is positioned down and to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 G and H are vertical and G is above H.
2 G is at P's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
2 G is on the right side and top of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 The object labeled J is positioned to the right of the object labeled I.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 G is over there and B is on the right of it.
2 S and B are side by side with B at the bottom and S on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	left	1
1 M is north east of B.
2 B and J are both there with the object J below the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	above	1
1 F is placed in the right direction of M.
2 M is on top of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 G is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
2 G is to the bottom-right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 F presents left to D.
2 D is below C and to the right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	above	1
1 N is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 The objects N and H are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Y is sitting in the left direction of B.
2 B is to the top of Q vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	right	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
2 K is at the bottom of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 U is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 H is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	above	1
1 E is above R at 2 o'clock.
2 L is diagonally left and above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the lower side of U.
2 V is on the left and U is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 P is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 P is on the top and N is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the upper left of H.
2 H and E are side by side with E at the bottom and H on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the top-right of S.
2 M is positioned in the lower left corner of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is over S.
2 O is upper right to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 A and J are parallel, and A is to the right of J.
2 S is below A at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	right	1
1 E is positioned in the front right corner of P.
2 The object H is positioned directly below the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
2 R is south east of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	below	1
1 L is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 K is positioned up and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	above	1
1 K is over there and N is on the left.
2 N is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	right	1
1 P and U are in a vertical line with U below P.
2 I is to the top right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	below	1
1 W is positioned in the top left corner of M.
2 K is to the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 E presents left to T.
2 G is over there with E below.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object F is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
2 W is placed at the upper right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned left to K.
2 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally right and below Z.
2 F is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	below	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
2 H is directly south east of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and N on the top.
2 O is to the top right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	right	1
1 Z is to the left of P horizontally.
2 P is below E and to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	right	1
1 G is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 T is to the bottom left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 R and W are side by side with W at the bottom and R on the top.
2 W presents below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	below	1
1 X is to the left of Z.
2 X is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 A is over there and G is directly below it.
2 H is to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	right	1
1 E is below and to the right of D.
2 S is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 S is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 S is to the left of I with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	right	1
1 N is above and to the right of D.
2 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 M is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 G and M are parallel, and G is over M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	above	1
1 J is above V with a small gap between them.
2 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed at the lower left of W.
2 W is directly below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 R is directly below F.
2 M presents over R.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	above	1
1 V is upper right to Q.
2 Q and E are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 K is there and P is at the 2 position of a clock face K.
2 D is to the bottom-right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the left side of and below H.
2 L is placed at the lower left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 K presents over J.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	right	1
1 L presents left to C.
2 C is at the bottom of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	left	1
1 Q is below and to the left of S.
2 Q is positioned above D and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Object W is below object E and to the left of it, too.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 C is below F at 7 o'clock.
2 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower right position to H.
2 Z and J are vertical and Z is below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	right	1
1 W is to the top right of N.
2 W is sitting at the lower left position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T is directly south east of P.
2 P is to the bottom-right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the right side to J.
2 J is sitting at the lower right position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
2 Y is placed at the lower left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned below and to the right of A.
2 A is at D's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	below	1
1 U is over there and K is on the right of it.
2 C is placed at the upper right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 J and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	left	1
1 B is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Y is on the left side and above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned above W and to the right.
2 E and W are both there with the object E is to the right of object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 X is positioned below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	left	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 U is below and to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 Z presents over C.
2 Z is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 M is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 M is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	right	1
1 B is placed at the upper right of V.
2 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	right	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper right of V.
2 M and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 E is at the bottom of B vertically.
2 I is to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the upper left position to N.
2 M is below D with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	above	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
2 D is sitting in the left direction of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 V is at C’s 9 o'clock.
2 C is sitting at the upper left position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
2 L is above P at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 10 and 11.
2 B is placed in the right direction of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the left side and above O.
2 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the bottom-right of U.
2 U is positioned left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 L and O are in a vertical line with O below L.
2 O is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 D is north west of A.
2 The object labeled D is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 B is positioned above M and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	right	1
1 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
2 I is on the lower right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 W is below and to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 I is to the upper left of Z.
2 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 P is at S’s 9 o'clock.
2 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	right	1
1 H and K are parallel, and H on the left of K.
2 K is at the bottom of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 F is directly below Q.
2 U and F are parallel, and U is under F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	below	1
1 O is placed in the right direction of M.
2 M presents right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
2 X is on the lower left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	below	1
1 D is above and to the right of P.
2 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	below	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper right of P.
2 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Y presents lower right to U.
2 L and U are both there with the object L is to the right of object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 B and J are in a vertical line with J below B.
2 B is positioned right to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E is sitting at the top position to S.
2 E is lower left to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	above	1
1 G is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 I presents over P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 V and Q are parallel, and V is over Q.
2 Q is on the left side to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 V is directly below B.
2 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the lower right of A.
2 J and V are parallel, and J is over V.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 B is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Z presents right to F.
2 X is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 W is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 I is over there and D is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	left	1
1 Object R is below object V and to the left of it, too.
2 V is on the upper right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 W is to the right of X horizontally.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	above	1
1 X is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
2 X and T are vertical and X is above T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	below	1
1 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
2 J is north east of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	below	1
1 L is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
2 L is positioned below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	below	1
1 P is at the lower side of L.
2 N is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	above	1
1 S and U are side by side with S to the left and U to the right.
2 The object U and Z are there. The object Z is above and slightly to the left of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
2 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 W is to the top-right of R.
2 F is positioned right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	right	1
1 S is sitting at the lower left position to A.
2 S is to the bottom-right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	right	1
1 O and R are side by side with O to the left and R to the right.
2 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	right	1
1 S presents over K.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	right	1
1 N is on the right side to D.
2 P is upper right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Y is placed at the lower right of H.
2 L is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 H is below J.
2 C is to the upper left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	below	1
1 F is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 V is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	right	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the left side and above T.
2 F is on the top side to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	left	1
1 U is on top of Q.
2 Q presents right to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	right	1
1 J presents left to I.
2 S is at J's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 R and Y are in a vertical line with Y below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
2 Z is above and to the left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is on the left and I is on the right.
2 M is positioned below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	left	1
1 K is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 S is south west of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 E is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 C is positioned above X and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
2 The object C and M are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 I is at G's 6 o'clock.
2 G is directly south west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	above	1
1 Q is on the left and W is on the right.
2 Q is below X and to the left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	below	1
1 C is north east of V.
2 C and L are in a vertical line with L below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	below	1
1 V is above H.
2 C and H are horizontal and C is to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	below	1
1 T is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 C and T are parallel, and C is over T.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Y and U are side by side with Y to the left and U to the right.
2 M is placed in the left direction of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	left	1
1 K is over there with I above.
2 W is over there and K is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J and X are side by side with J to the left and X to the right.
2 C is positioned below J and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	below	1
1 R presents right to G.
2 H is above G at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 R is over there and Y is on the right.
2 Y and F are parallel, and Y on the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	right	1
1 A is to the bottom right of I.
2 C is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the top and R is at the bottom.
2 K is over there with E above.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	above	1
1 M is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face M.
2 Q is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 U is there and Z is at the 2 position of a clock face U.
2 J is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 D presents upper left to Y.
2 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	below	1
1 G is below Q with a small gap between them.
2 R is placed at the upper left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the upper left of G.
2 H is above G at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	left	1
1 Q is to the right of A horizontally.
2 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 C is below N and to the left of N.
2 C is on the lower right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	right	1
1 Y is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
2 Y and X are both there with the object X below the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	below	1
1 N is directly south east of Y.
2 Y is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 S is below and to the right of V.
2 S is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 X and D are in a vertical line with X on top.
2 D is directly south west of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	above	1
1 C is above M at 10 o'clock.
2 M is above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	above	1
1 D is south east of I.
2 U and D are next to each other with D on the right and U on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	right	1
1 W is positioned in the top left corner of Z.
2 X is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	below	1
1 U and N are parallel, and U is over N.
2 N is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 T is to the top-left of N.
2 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	above	1
1 M is to the top-right of T.
2 M is over there and B is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	below	1
1 T and F are side by side with F at the bottom and T on the top.
2 H is on the lower left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	below	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 H presents lower right to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 B is to the top right of K.
2 K is diagonally left and below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the bottom-right of D.
2 D is at E’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 W and J are both there with the object W is to the left of object J.
2 J is on top of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 G and D are in a vertical line with G on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	below	1
1 U presents below C.
2 C is on the same vertical plane directly above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	above	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object S.
2 D is placed in the left direction of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and Q is on the left of it.
2 B is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 V is placed at the lower left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 C is on the right side to M.
2 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	left	1
1 L and V are both there with the object L is to the right of object V.
2 Q and V are side by side with Q on the top and V at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	left	1
1 A is positioned above T.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 The objects M and J are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 M is positioned right to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 G is upper right to M.
2 M is over there and L is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	above	1
1 O is on the right side to X.
2 X and F are parallel, and X is to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 O is diagonally left and above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
2 X is above R and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 M is above and to the left of C.
2 N is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 I and A are side by side with I on the top and A at the bottom.
2 I is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 Z is to the right of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 X is lower left to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of H.
2 Y and S are parallel, and Y on the left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
2 I is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
2 I is below S with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	right	1
1 K is on the right and A is on the left.
2 W is above K and to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the upper left of A.
2 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 V is above U and to the right of U.
2 A and U are parallel, and A on the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the lower left of I.
2 B and I are parallel, and B is under I.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	below	1
1 F is directly north east of U.
2 Q is on the right side and below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the upper left of A.
2 Y is above A at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 B and C are side by side with B to the right and C to the left.
2 If B is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	below	1
1 A is positioned below D and to the left.
2 D and J are side by side with D to the right and J to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 L is positioned below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	above	1
1 K is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 S is on the top side to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	above	1
1 P and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and P on the top.
2 Y is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	below	1
1 O is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
2 O is directly south east of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 O and V are vertical and O is below V.
2 The object O is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	above	1
1 A is to the bottom-right of P.
2 A is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 I is over there and X is on the top of it.
2 Object X is below object N and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 K and A are in a vertical line with K on top.
2 A is to the upper left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 I is directly north east of Z.
2 L and Z are parallel, and Z is below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q is positioned below and to the right of Y.
2 L is directly south east of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the bottom-left of Q.
2 B is lower left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the lower left of D.
2 C is to the bottom left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper left of E.
2 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object A and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 Object A is above object P and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 G is diagonally right and below T.
2 Z is below and to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper left of G.
2 E is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 L is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 L and Q are in a vertical line with Q below L.
2 M and L are horizontal and M is to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	above	1
1 F is directly north west of S.
2 B is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there and M is on the left of it.
2 M is directly above Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	above	1
1 H is positioned right to U.
2 H is at K's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	left	1
1 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the left side to K.
2 C is on the upper right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	right	1
1 K is on the right and E is on the left.
2 M presents upper left to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	above	1
1 S is on the left side of and below E.
2 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 M is upper right to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	left	1
1 L is north west of M.
2 M presents right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 F is at the bottom of B.
2 C is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 F is lower left to H.
2 F is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 I is below T with a small gap between them.
2 I is over there and X is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 M is on the left side of and below W.
2 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to M.
2 O is under L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 F is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 F and B are parallel, and F is under B.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 P is below B at 4 o'clock.
2 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
2 V is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 N is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 M is diagonally to the bottom left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 R and D are both there with the object R above the object D.
2 B is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the upper right of A.
2 J is over there and Z is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the upper righthand corner.
2 H is at the bottom and T is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower position to S.
2 T is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	above	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 U is sitting at the lower position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	below	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
2 J is on the left side of and below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned left to Q.
2 M is on the right side to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	right	1
1 T is diagonally right and above D.
2 N is above D at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 T presents lower right to E.
2 E is over there with L above.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
2 I is over there and H is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	left	1
1 Object F is below object A and to the right of it, too.
2 F is on the left and Y is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The objects G and P are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Object G is below object J and to the left of it, too.
2 Y and G are parallel, and Y is to the left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Q is lower right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 C is placed at the lower right of H.
2 X is to the bottom right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Y and E are in a vertical line with E below Y.
2 U and E are both there with the object E below the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is to the right of G.
2 D is placed at the upper left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the left of G.
2 W presents lower left to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	below	1
1 K is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Object I is above object K and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 H is below and to the right of D.
2 M and H are vertical and M is below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The objects I and S are over there. The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the left of E horizontally.
2 K is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
2 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned up and to the right of D.
2 W is placed at the bottom of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the upper left of U.
2 U is at M's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the left side to N.
2 O is below T and to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z and P are vertical and Z is above P.
2 A is below Z at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	left	1
1 X is at the bottom of T.
2 X is sitting in the left direction of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D is directly south east of R.
2 The objects D and M are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 G is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 C is below T at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, C is located between 4 and 5.
2 E and T are parallel, and E on the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	right	1
1 R is to the top right of D.
2 R is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 R is south west of O.
2 O and A are parallel, and O is over A.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	above	1
1 C presents upper right to P.
2 C is on the left and J is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 J presents below T.
2 Q is at J’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the top side to I.
2 The objects S and K are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	below	1
1 U is positioned above and to the left of B.
2 K is at U’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 J and A are parallel, and J is under A.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	below	1
1 F is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
2 V is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 D is directly north east of B.
2 B is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned up and to the right of G.
2 G is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally below P to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 P is on the right side to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the left of H.
2 H is directly south east of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 U and P are vertical and U is below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U is directly below I.
2 I is over there and X is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	above	1
1 X is diagonally left and below C.
2 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	left	1
1 O is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
2 The objects T and V are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object M is positioned directly below the object G.
2 C is diagonally to the bottom left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	below	1
1 T and S are in a horizontal line with S on the right.
2 D is over there and S is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	left	1
1 F is below P.
2 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally left and above A.
2 Z is placed at the lower right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of S.
2 S and M are next to each other with S on the left and M on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 T is lower left to M.
2 M is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 H is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 E is sitting at the lower left position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 J and N are both there with the object J is to the left of object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 C is at D’s 9 o'clock.
2 C is to the right of J horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object R is positioned directly above the object D.
2 Z is above D at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	below	1
1 M is upper right to D.
2 M is at W’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
2 S and Q are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	below	1
1 S is on the lower right of Q.
2 Q is directly south east of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed on the top of B.
2 F and Z are vertical and F is below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 Object R is above object N and to the left of it, too.
2 P and N are horizontal and P is to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 O is sitting at the lower position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 K is north east of F.
2 M is at the bottom of K vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	above	1
1 A is positioned above C and to the right.
2 S is over there and A is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 M is below and to the left of R.
2 R and W are parallel, and R is on top of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	below	1
1 P is placed at the lower right of B.
2 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	above	1
1 X is below and to the right of B.
2 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	above	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, O is located between 4 and 5.
2 Y is directly north east of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 P is sitting in the left direction of R.
2 P is on the right side and top of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the upper left of C.
2 R is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 T is under E.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, E is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	above	1
1 D is diagonally right and above W.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, D is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned above J and to the right.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	left	1
1 F is placed at the bottom of K.
2 E is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	above	1
1 Y is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 B and Y are parallel, and B is over Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	below	1
1 V is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 G is lower right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 C is below N and to the right of N.
2 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the left of I.
2 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	below	1
1 O is over there and L is on the right.
2 L and N are both there with the object L is to the right of object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	left	1
1 G is under R.
2 D is on the top and G is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	below	1
1 J is on the lower left of Q.
2 A is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 C is to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 V is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 P is below and to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and M is on the top of it.
2 R is sitting in the right direction of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	left	1
1 P is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 X is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 O is under Z.
2 A is to the left of O horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	left	1
1 T is to the top right of M.
2 The objects T and Z are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 A and G are side by side with G at the bottom and A on the top.
2 The object J and A are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to A.
2 M is above and to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the top of R vertically.
2 R is positioned up and to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the left side and above U.
2 X is above U at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of P.
2 D is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the lower left of N.
2 C is at the bottom of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	below	1
1 The objects Z and J are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 L is upper right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the bottom-left of I.
2 L and Z are horizontal and L is to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	above	1
1 P and S are side by side with P to the right and S to the left.
2 F is on the left side of and below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	left	1
1 U is above E at 10 o'clock.
2 U is over there and A is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	below	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, K is located between 2 and 3.
2 K is sitting in the right direction of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 M is over there with I above.
2 M is positioned below K and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	left	1
1 D is upper right to S.
2 R presents right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned down and to the left of X.
2 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	below	1
1 D and H are in a vertical line with D on top.
2 N and D are vertical and N is below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 G is to the bottom-left of K.
2 G is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 X is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Z is to the bottom right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Object Q is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Z is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 I is upper left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the bottom right of R.
2 H is placed at the upper left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 E and L are parallel, and E is to the left of L.
2 E is above J and to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	below	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
2 K and W are parallel, and K on the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	right	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 G is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 E is below and to the left of A.
2 Y is placed at the bottom of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I is to the top of O vertically.
2 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 J presents right to W.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	below	1
1 I presents right to T.
2 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 N and V are next to each other with N on the top and V at the bottom.
2 R is on the same vertical plane directly below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	below	1
1 Object G is below object P and to the left of it, too.
2 T and P are vertical and T is below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 Y is sitting at the top position to C.
2 C is south east of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, E is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	above	1
1 V is at the bottom of K.
2 P is below and to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 H is directly south east of C.
2 H is positioned below X and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the bottom-left of L.
2 Y is to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
2 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, V is located between 10 and 11.
2 V is on the left side of and below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	above	1
1 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
2 W is to the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	right	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
2 If M is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the bottom-right of C.
2 T is north west of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Z is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 B is to the top right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 C is below G.
2 S is on the right side to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	below	1
1 Object E is below object U and to the left of it, too.
2 U is to the top-right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 Q is at A's 12 o'clock.
2 P is under Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	above	1
1 K is diagonally right and above Z.
2 N is over there and K is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 I presents below N.
2 I and R are both there with the object R below the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	above	1
1 Y is positioned up and to the right of D.
2 U is sitting at the lower position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 D and I are horizontal and D is to the left of I.
2 D is to the upper left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	left	1
1 J is positioned left to P.
2 T is south west of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object O.
2 O is diagonally right and above B.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 O is placed at the upper left of U.
2 U presents lower right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 Q is to the bottom-right of U.
2 Q and L are next to each other with Q on the top and L at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 D is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 A presents lower left to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 S is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 The objects A and D are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 C is to the upper left of T.
2 R is south east of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 M is over there and I is on the left of it.
2 I is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	above	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
2 V is to the bottom-right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	right	1
1 J is over there and Z is on the left.
2 Z is above and to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object R.
2 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 C and N are side by side with C to the left and N to the right.
2 Q and N are both there with the object Q above the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	left	1
1 Q is to the bottom-left of Y.
2 The objects B and Q are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	above	1
1 W is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 B is at I's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
2 V is below R and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 X is above I at 10 o'clock.
2 I and M are horizontal and I is to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	left	1
1 T is below V at 4 o'clock.
2 D is diagonally above T to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 P is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
2 K is below and to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object O.
2 K and C are parallel, and K on the right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned up and to the right of I.
2 P is above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the left of O.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed at the lower left of Z.
2 Y is to the bottom-right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 C and G are parallel, and C on the right of G.
2 W is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	left	1
1 M is below E and to the right of E.
2 If E is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
2 R is diagonally right and above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	below	1
1 M is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 K is to the bottom right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	right	1
1 I is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 F and P are both there with the object P below the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 H is directly below L.
2 Y is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 K is to the top of S vertically.
2 O is on the right and K is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
2 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	right	1
1 C is directly north east of G.
2 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 W is placed at the lower right of T.
2 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	right	1
1 C presents lower right to I.
2 P is over there with I above.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	below	1
1 D is at I's 12 o'clock.
2 A is over there and D is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	below	1
1 G is lower left to B.
2 T is at G's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	left	1
1 Q is on the lower left of W.
2 W is to the bottom right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	above	1
1 N is over there and P is on the left.
2 N is below E and to the left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 S is positioned above A.
2 S is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	right	1
1 F is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 S is to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
2 M is at P's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 J is positioned below E and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	above	1
1 H is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 N is on the same vertical plane directly above H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	below	1
1 A is positioned above D.
2 O is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	below	1
1 L is on the upper right of I.
2 I is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	below	1
1 M is on the right side and below F.
2 F is on the left side of and below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	below	1
1 E is sitting at the upper left position to O.
2 F and O are next to each other with O on the right and F on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the right and R is on the left.
2 P is to the top-left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
2 K is south east of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 A is above Q at 10 o'clock.
2 L and A are horizontal and L is to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 I is north west of F.
2 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 M is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 W is on the left side to F.
2 Y and W are next to each other with W on the right and Y on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	left	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly below I.
2 J is positioned below and to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 The objects K and R are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 R is below J with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	above	1
1 C is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 U is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	above	1
1 X is to the bottom-left of W.
2 T is lower right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	below	1
1 I is over there with W above.
2 W presents left to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 I and A are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
2 I and J are parallel, and I is to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 D is on the right side and below U.
2 P is directly above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
2 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
2 N is above and to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 M is on the top and A is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	below	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
2 Z is to the top of A vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	above	1
1 T and J are both there with the object J below the object T.
2 T is over there and D is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
2 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the top of N vertically.
2 Q is on the left and N is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 G is placed at the lower right of O.
2 G is above P and to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned below L.
2 Object I is below object L and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
2 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the bottom left of J.
2 J is to the left of U horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 F and R are in a vertical line with F on top.
2 R is positioned above J and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	below	1
1 P is on the top side to W.
2 The objects Y and W are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
2 O is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	left	1
1 Z is above H and to the left of H.
2 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 The object R and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	below	1
1 V is on the lower right of I.
2 U is below I and to the left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	right	1
1 P is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
2 M is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	below	1
1 X presents lower left to W.
2 W is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	right	1
1 R and I are parallel, and R is over I.
2 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 T is positioned above N.
2 T is south east of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 A and D are parallel, and A is on top of D.
2 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	below	1
1 N and Z are in a vertical line with N on top.
2 The object Z and D are there. The object Z is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the bottom left of I.
2 T is sitting at the upper left position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 M is sitting at the top position to O.
2 W is above M at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	above	1
1 X is below S at 4 o'clock.
2 Q presents over X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 U and T are vertical and U is above T.
2 I is directly north east of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Q is directly below F.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 T is upper right to U.
2 U is sitting at the lower left position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the right of X horizontally.
2 A is over there and X is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Q is positioned in the front right corner of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 F and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
2 D and A are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	right	1
1 A is placed at the upper left of T.
2 T is at I's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 P and X are side by side with P on the top and X at the bottom.
2 K is above P.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 O is at F's 6 o'clock.
2 If A is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	below	1
1 P is directly south west of D.
2 R is at D's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 X is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
2 X is positioned above and to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	right	1
1 P is over there and I is on the left.
2 I presents right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	right	1
1 O and R are parallel, and R is below O.
2 B is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 H is at P's 3 o'clock.
2 P is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 Z and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	right	1
1 U is diagonally right and below Q.
2 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
2 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 W and G are next to each other with W on the left and G on the right.
2 T is on top of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower left position to J.
2 M presents lower right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the upper left of V.
2 S is at V's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	right	1
1 A is on the left side to P.
2 A is over there and T is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
2 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 I is diagonally left and above I.
2 D is directly below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Z and C are side by side with Z to the left and C to the right.
2 C is positioned in the top left corner of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned below J and to the right.
2 Z is diagonally left and below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
2 Y is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 D and T are parallel, and D on the right of T.
2 D is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 B is on the left side to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 R is at the bottom of I.
2 I presents left to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object Y.
2 Y and J are next to each other with Y on the top and J at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 S is on the top side to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 W and M are parallel, and W is on top of M.
2 H is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	below	1
1 Q is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 I is placed on the top of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 G is diagonally right and below Z.
2 Y is positioned above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	above	1
1 L is to the top right of E.
2 E is below C with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	above	1
1 T is to the bottom-right of Z.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N and Q are parallel, and N on the right of Q.
2 N is sitting in the right direction of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	left	1
1 F is sitting in the left direction of X.
2 U is diagonally right and below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned in the top left corner of S.
2 X is positioned above E and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the bottom left of S.
2 M presents right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower left position to I.
2 P is diagonally to the upper right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 T is north west of K.
2 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object N is positioned directly below the object B.
2 W is over there and N is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	above	1
1 B and G are parallel, and B is over G.
2 O is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the left and A is on the right.
2 B is diagonally left and below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	below	1
1 V is north west of B.
2 L and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	below	1
1 I and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and I on the left.
2 Y is over there and Z is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower right position to L.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 B is upper right to A.
2 W is over there and B is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 S is directly south west of Z.
2 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to G.
2 Y is above R at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 N is diagonally below P to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 N presents left to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 X and I are side by side with I at the bottom and X on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 N and U are vertical and N is below U.
2 G is placed at the upper right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	above	1
1 G is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 P is below D with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
2 P is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	above	1
1 C is positioned below and to the right of O.
2 O is sitting at the lower right position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
2 T is placed in the right direction of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 G is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 K is diagonally left and below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 W is at the lower side of H.
2 M is on the same vertical plane directly above H.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	above	1
1 H is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 H is above D and to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 C is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 V is positioned above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
2 O is upper right to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 O and R are side by side with R at the bottom and O on the top.
2 R is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	below	1
1 S is on the left side to B.
2 B and V are in a vertical line with B on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	above	1
1 L is directly above J.
2 J and P are in a vertical line with J on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	above	1
1 U is over there and V is on the right.
2 V presents upper left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 X is at I's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of M.
2 P is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	left	1
1 O is to the left of J.
2 O is positioned above Y and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 L is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 E is above O at 10 o'clock.
2 O is on the lower right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of K.
2 K is sitting at the top position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Q is above and to the right of R.
2 F is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 G is to the top-right of R.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned in the lower left corner of C.
2 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned below and to the right of W.
2 U is placed in the right direction of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 U and L are next to each other with U on the left and L on the right.
2 B is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	right	1
1 U is on the right side and top of G.
2 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
2 L is above Q with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned above K and to the left.
2 W is diagonally above K to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 L presents lower left to X.
2 Z is below X and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	left	1
1 G presents left to F.
2 P presents lower right to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally left and below M.
2 M is positioned right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 H is diagonally right and below E.
2 H is diagonally right and below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 I and M are both there with the object I is to the left of object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	left	1
1 L is upper right to Q.
2 Q is positioned in the top left corner of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the top-right of E.
2 V is to the bottom left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 N is below X and to the left of X.
2 K presents upper left to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 J is sitting at the lower left position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 N is north west of G.
2 G is positioned down and to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 T and V are both there with the object V below the object T.
2 R and V are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	left	1
1 F is on the lower right of C.
2 H is on the top side to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned below W and to the right.
2 D and Y are parallel, and D is under Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 O and S are both there with the object S below the object O.
2 Y is over there and S is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned in the lower right corner of D.
2 D is diagonally right and above H.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Y presents lower left to C.
2 J is on the left side to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of G.
2 E is upper left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 J is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
2 U is at O's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	above	1
1 I and B are next to each other with B at the bottom I on the top.
2 G is at I’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 F is north west of G.
2 T and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	above	1
1 K is over there with Z below.
2 S is placed at the lower right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	above	1
1 E and L are parallel, and L is below E.
2 H is upper right to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 V and X are parallel, and V is to the left of X.
2 Z is positioned in the top left corner of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	right	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of Z.
2 E is below A and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	right	1
1 O is to the top-right of B.
2 K is upper left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned above B.
2 B is under P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 L is directly north east of U.
2 S and U are parallel, and S on the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 F is directly south east of R.
2 R and X are next to each other with R on the top and X at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 L and P are vertical and L is above P.
2 L presents lower right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 C is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 C is over there and U is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	below	1
1 M is to the top-left of C.
2 M is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 E is diagonally left and below Y.
2 K is diagonally to the upper right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 J is diagonally to the bottom right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	above	1
1 W is diagonally right and below I.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
2 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 O is over there with Z above.
2 H is placed in the right direction of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	above	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
2 N is south west of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 S is to the upper left of M.
2 S and F are side by side with S to the right and F to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	left	1
1 B is on top of W.
2 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 A is positioned up and to the right of T.
2 T is on the top and D is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 E is over there and P is on the left of it.
2 Z is over there and E is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	above	1
1 S is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
2 S is placed at the lower left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
2 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the left of C horizontally.
2 Y and T are side by side with Y to the right and T to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
2 K is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	right	1
1 J is on the upper right of A.
2 U is placed at the lower left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 R is over A.
2 M is over there and A is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 Y is sitting in the left direction of F.
2 The object S is positioned directly above the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 J is upper left of V.
2 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 Z presents lower right to V.
2 C and Z are parallel, and C on the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	right	1
1 K is placed in the right direction of A.
2 S is north west of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	right	1
1 H and J are parallel, and H on the right of J.
2 J and E are parallel, and J is to the left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	left	1
1 Y and T are next to each other with T on the right and Y on the left.
2 N and Y are parallel, and N on the left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 B is over there and X is directly below it.
2 U is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Y is sitting at the upper right position to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 D presents below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	above	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 W is placed at the upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object F is positioned directly below the object T.
2 Q is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled P.
2 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	below	1
1 I is above Q and to the right of Q.
2 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the left and M is on the right.
2 B is sitting at the upper left position to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 H is over Q.
2 H is sitting at the lower right position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K is sitting at the lower left position to G.
2 K is diagonally left and above K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object K and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 F is on the right side to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
2 K is upper left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the left of Q.
2 P is positioned in the lower right corner of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Z is over there and L is on the left of it.
2 R is placed at the upper left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	left	1
1 G is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
2 P is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	below	1
1 N and R are side by side with N on the top and R at the bottom.
2 T is directly above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 Y and I are horizontal and Y is to the right of I.
2 B is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower right position to N.
2 L is directly south west of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 C is at Y's 3 o'clock.
2 Z is positioned below Y and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	above	1
1 K is placed at the bottom of Q.
2 Y and K are both there with the object K below the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Y is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 Y is positioned above P and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	above	1
1 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
2 B is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the left of S.
2 Y is on the right side to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	left	1
1 G is below Y with a small gap between them.
2 J is on the left side of and below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 N and F are in a vertical line with F below N.
2 D is lower right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 F is placed in the right direction of B.
2 O and F are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	left	1
1 V is to the right of E.
2 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 E is upper right to I.
2 E presents below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	left	1
1 I is below and to the left of V.
2 Z is positioned above V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 H is at the lower side of L.
2 P is to the bottom left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	left	1
1 R is to the upper left of O.
2 O is placed in the right direction of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	right	1
1 A is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 A is directly north west of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 W and M are side by side with W to the left and M to the right.
2 B and M are vertical and B is above M.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	above	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
2 G is to the right of B horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
2 O and S are side by side with O to the left and S to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 K is on the right and H is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 I is directly north west of H.
2 I is below and to the right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 F and S are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 F is positioned above W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned above and to the left of V.
2 H and V are vertical and H is above V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 O is below L.
2 A is placed at the lower right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 T is lower left to H.
2 G is directly above T.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 C and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
2 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 F and V are next to each other with F on the left and V on the right.
2 Z is below V at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
2 G is to the bottom-left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 X and S are next to each other with S on the right and X on the left.
2 X is on the left side of and below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	left	1
1 H presents lower right to V.
2 H is at N's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
2 B is over there and A is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 K is directly north west of M.
2 H is upper left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 D is directly south west of X.
2 D is directly above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 V is directly south east of R.
2 J is above V at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Z is over there with Y below.
2 Y is placed at the lower left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	below	1
1 L and A are side by side with L to the left and A to the right.
2 The objects I and A are over there. The object I is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 I is at the bottom and R is on the top.
2 T presents upper right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the top of A vertically.
2 P is sitting at the lower right position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 A is placed on the top of N.
2 N is placed at the bottom of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	below	1
1 X is on the right side and below E.
2 E is at the bottom of R vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the bottom right of J.
2 J and K are parallel, and J is to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 V is on the right side and top of Q.
2 Q is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the left and U is on the right.
2 A is on the right side and below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	below	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 S and O are horizontal and S is to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	left	1
1 H is lower right of O.
2 O is on the left side to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 W presents below T.
2 W is upper left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Y is placed at the lower right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 B and L are horizontal and B is to the left of L.
2 B is placed in the left direction of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	left	1
1 F is directly below U.
2 N is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 F is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	right	1
1 F is sitting at the top position to Z.
2 F is below B and to the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 F and W are next to each other with W on the right and F on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	below	1
1 T and B are both there with the object T is to the right of object B.
2 H is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 A and H are parallel, and A on the right of H.
2 K is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 W presents below Q.
2 Z and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
2 C is below and to the right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The objects A and Q are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 Q and W are vertical and Q is above W.
2 E and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	left	1
1 D and A are horizontal and D is to the left of A.
2 A is placed at the lower right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 I is over T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Object D is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 P is to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	above	1
1 D is above and to the right of T.
2 T is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 F is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 H is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 O is south west of G.
2 G is positioned up and to the right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 T is at W's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	above	1
1 Q is on the lower right of D.
2 Q presents lower left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 V is above M at 10 o'clock.
2 M is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
2 A and R are both there with the object A above the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	above	1
1 W presents left to L.
2 J is to the upper left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 R and I are in a vertical line with R on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 A and B are next to each other with A on the top and B at the bottom.
2 M is on the lower right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
2 G and E are parallel, and G is to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 S presents upper right to E.
2 F is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned in the front right corner of A.
2 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the top and N is at the bottom.
2 P is sitting in the right direction of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	left	1
1 Q is above H at 2 o'clock.
2 Q and K are vertical and Q is below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 A is below H at 7 o'clock.
2 H is upper right to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 E is at the lower side of K.
2 K is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	above	1
1 O is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
2 S and Y are in a vertical line with S on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 A is north east of Y.
2 C is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 U and B are parallel, and U is to the right of B.
2 I is diagonally to the bottom left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the upper left of G.
2 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there and I is on the right.
2 X presents lower right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 Q is above R with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 U presents lower left to V.
2 O is over there and V is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
2 Object T is below object D and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is above and to the right of V.
2 S is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 L is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 L and Z are parallel, and L is over Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	left	1
1 C is to the left of Y.
2 The object C is positioned directly below the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
2 U is placed at the lower right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 O and V are horizontal and O is to the right of V.
2 O presents right to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	right	1
1 G is directly above L.
2 W is positioned above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object A.
2 T is over there and K is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 G is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
2 G is above H at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K presents upper right to B.
2 L is above and to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of L.
2 X is to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	left	1
1 L is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
2 D is at L’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
2 D is directly north west of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 D is sitting in the left direction of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 A is positioned down and to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object G.
2 G is on the left side of and below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the bottom left of A.
2 T and A are parallel, and T is on top of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	below	1
1 P is to the top of K vertically.
2 P and Q are side by side with P to the right and Q to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	left	1
1 The objects K and S are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 K is at the bottom of F vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is on the left and K is on the right.
2 X is directly south east of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	left	1
1 L presents lower left to S.
2 A and L are next to each other with L at the bottom A on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	left	1
1 Y and J are vertical and Y is below J.
2 R and J are parallel, and R is on top of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	below	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower righthand corner.
2 P is positioned below D and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 E and K are horizontal and E is to the left of K.
2 E is below Q and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the right of E horizontally.
2 O and R are horizontal and O is to the right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
2 W is placed at the lower right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	above	1
1 A is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 J and P are parallel, and J is to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N is at I's 6 o'clock.
2 U and I are vertical and U is above I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	above	1
1 T is to the right of D with a small gap between them.
2 H is sitting at the lower left position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	below	1
1 N is to the left of D and below D at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 D and F are in a horizontal line with F on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 T is placed in the right direction of H.
2 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 I and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
2 Q is positioned below A and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 G is below and to the right of N.
2 N is positioned above M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	left	1
1 U is over there and J is directly below it.
2 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 L is placed at the bottom of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 A is south west of T.
2 T is on the right side and top of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 O and V are in a vertical line with V below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 K is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 K is below G at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 H is below L.
2 C is positioned above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	below	1
1 J is to the top-right of S.
2 S is placed in the right direction of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	left	1
1 S is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
2 M is over there and S is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	below	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 R and G are vertical and R is below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	left	1
1 N is to the top-left of P.
2 N presents lower left to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 E and J are next to each other with J on the right and E on the left.
2 E is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 O presents lower right to Z.
2 P and Z are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 H and W are next to each other with W on the right and H on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
2 The object U and L are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of U.
2 The object U is positioned directly above the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	left	1
1 F is under Z.
2 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	above	1
1 G and A are next to each other with A on the right and G on the left.
2 A and O are parallel, and A on the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	right	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
2 I is on the right side to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Y and G are parallel, and G is below Y.
2 T is directly below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
2 B is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the top of O vertically.
2 F is north east of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	above	1
1 O is over there and N is on the left.
2 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 N and S are both there with the object N above the object S.
2 G presents upper left to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the bottom right of Y.
2 P is placed on the top of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Q is upper right to A.
2 Q presents left to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 N is placed at the upper left of I.
2 D is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N and T are parallel, and N is under T.
2 Y and T are parallel, and Y on the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the right side to K.
2 R is at V’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	right	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
2 The object Z is positioned directly above the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	left	1
1 V is sitting at the top position to I.
2 W is on the right side to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper left of N.
2 H and A are parallel, and H is under A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	above	1
1 Z and K are horizontal and Z is to the left of K.
2 F is positioned down and to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 D is over there and X is directly below it.
2 X is placed on the top of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	below	1
1 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
2 L is on the lower right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	right	1
1 E is below S at 7 o'clock.
2 S presents right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 E is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 M is on top of T.
2 M presents lower left to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 Z is below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	right	1
1 F and W are parallel, and F is to the left of W.
2 W is sitting at the top position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the right side and below F.
2 F and J are side by side with F on the top and J at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	below	1
1 K is south east of L.
2 Q is diagonally right and below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is positioned below W.
2 Q and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom Q on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	below	1
1 R and G are horizontal and R is to the left of G.
2 X is on the upper right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 N and T are side by side with N on the top and T at the bottom.
2 V is placed in the right direction of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y and F are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 M is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 V is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 U and G are parallel, and G is below U.
2 D is on the right side to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 D is over there and S is on the left of it.
2 S is directly north west of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 J is on the left side and above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object V and I are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 O is lower right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 I is over there and E is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	left	1
1 M is on top of V.
2 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	left	1
1 U is above R and to the left of R.
2 U is above and to the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	right	1
1 B is on the right and F is on the left.
2 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	left	1
1 A is placed at the upper left of I.
2 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 The objects E and O are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 E is south east of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	right	1
1 W is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	above	1
1 V is diagonally right and above K.
2 V is at the bottom of O vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at the lower side of A.
2 Q and Z are both there with the object Q is to the left of object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 K is placed in the right direction of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 F is at the bottom of Q vertically.
2 Q is on the upper right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	left	1
1 B is over there and D is on the right.
2 I and B are horizontal and I is to the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	right	1
1 Q and O are vertical and Q is above O.
2 Q is to the left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
2 I is positioned below D and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 P presents lower right to U.
2 O is to the top of U vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 R is positioned below and to the right of A.
2 H is to the left of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 F is below I with a small gap between them.
2 I and D are next to each other with D at the bottom I on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 U is to the bottom right of H.
2 S presents right to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 H is above P.
2 P is over there and Y is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
2 N and H are parallel, and N on the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	right	1
1 H is directly north west of O.
2 H and K are both there with the object K below the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	below	1
1 D is below and to the left of M.
2 D is above Y and to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 H and W are next to each other with H on the left and W on the right.
2 B is over there with H below.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	left	1
1 T is at the bottom and U is on the top.
2 Y is to the left of U horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 A and M are in a vertical line with A on top.
2 D is at M's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	below	1
1 S is lower left to M.
2 W is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
2 F is upper right to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is positioned directly above the object G.
2 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 U and C are both there with the object U is to the right of object C.
2 J and C are next to each other with J on the top and C at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	right	1
1 I is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 M is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
2 C is sitting at the lower left position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned above V and to the right.
2 A is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 E is placed on the top of U.
2 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 S is placed at the bottom of D.
2 B is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	below	1
1 E is sitting in the right direction of H.
2 E is to the right of Q horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	left	1
1 F is on the same vertical plane directly above R.
2 Y is to the bottom left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	above	1
1 B is to the bottom-left of J.
2 B is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and W is on the left of it.
2 Object P is below object K and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Z is to the left of M.
2 U is on the left side and above M.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object B and O are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 B is sitting at the lower position to Q.
2 B is sitting at the upper left position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	below	1
1 J is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
2 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	right	1
1 P is south west of N.
2 N is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 W is sitting at the top position to M.
2 The objects W and N are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	below	1
1 I is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 O and X are side by side with O on the top and X at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	below	1
1 X is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
2 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 F is at the lower side of X.
2 Object G is below object F and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents left to Y.
2 P is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 C and X are parallel, and C is to the left of X.
2 E is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	right	1
1 M is directly south west of Z.
2 The object W is positioned directly above the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned below E and to the left.
2 K is on the lower right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 C is placed on the top of E.
2 T presents below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	above	1
1 Y is directly north west of C.
2 C is over there with U above.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	left	1
1 Object Y is above object M and to the left of it, too.
2 Y and J are side by side with Y to the left and J to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
2 C is above R with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	below	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 N is positioned up and to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 E is directly south west of U.
2 E is below Z and to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the upper right of E.
2 The objects Y and E are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 S and H are side by side with S to the left and H to the right.
2 W is at the bottom of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 K is placed in the left direction of P.
2 J is below K and to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	right	1
1 V is on the left and C is on the right.
2 The object C is positioned directly above the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 S is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 S is to the top-left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned below and to the right of N.
2 W is below and to the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 X is over there and U is on the left.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	below	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 G is below and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R is diagonally right and above T.
2 N is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	below	1
1 N is positioned above H and to the left.
2 D is above H.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	left	1
1 S is diagonally above G to the right at a 45 degree.
2 G is diagonally left and below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 W is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 W is placed at the lower right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the right side to U.
2 Y is diagonally right and above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	left	1
1 V and K are both there with the object K below the object V.
2 V and O are horizontal and V is to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	above	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 I and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the lower right of C.
2 J is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	right	1
1 Object U is below object M and to the right of it, too.
2 U is upper left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object I.
2 M presents lower left to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 H and E are next to each other with H on the top and E at the bottom.
2 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is positioned below K and to the right.
2 K is on the left side of and below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	below	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
2 F is to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	right	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of V.
2 V is over there with B above.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	left	1
1 S is at the bottom and P is on the top.
2 Y is upper right to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 V and U are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	below	1
1 A presents upper left to P.
2 The objects T and P are over there. The object T is above and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	left	1
1 E is at the bottom and J is on the top.
2 X is above J and to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
2 B is positioned above Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 Z is below C and to the left of C.
2 Z is positioned left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	left	1
1 P is at the lower side of Q.
2 P and V are horizontal and P is to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	below	1
1 P is above H and to the left of H.
2 Object H is below object R and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 M and Z are horizontal and M is to the left of Z.
2 M is directly north east of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	left	1
1 N is positioned above F.
2 F and L are in a vertical line with L below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	below	1
1 E is upper left of M.
2 E is below K and to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
2 The objects Q and R are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	left	1
1 T is over there and P is on the left.
2 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	right	1
1 L is over there and H is on the right.
2 H is below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	below	1
1 L is to the right of G horizontally.
2 The object W and G are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	right	1
1 A is above I at 10 o'clock.
2 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
2 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower right position to P.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 X is over there with C above.
2 C is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Y is north east of E.
2 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	left	1
1 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
2 W is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
2 W is sitting at the lower left position to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 N is positioned below E.
2 N is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Z and A are side by side with Z to the right and A to the left.
2 R is over there and A is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
2 F is over there and L is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	above	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
2 W is south east of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 V is directly south west of M.
2 M is above and to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 E is over there and O is on the right.
2 O and N are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	right	1
1 O is to the left of Z horizontally.
2 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 T and I are next to each other with I on the right and T on the left.
2 I is positioned right to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	right	1
1 B is on the left side to Z.
2 I is placed in the left direction of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
2 S is south west of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 N is north east of F.
2 F is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned up and to the right of U.
2 D is over there and T is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	left	1
1 U is below I with a small gap between them.
2 Object B is below object I and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 V is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	above	1
1 Object K is below object X and to the left of it, too.
2 X and T are next to each other with T at the bottom X on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	right	1
1 The object Z and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 F and Z are parallel, and F is to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	right	1
1 S is directly north east of L.
2 L is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 N presents left to S.
2 J presents below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	above	1
1 S is to the left of R horizontally.
2 S is over there and A is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 Z is positioned up and to the right of M.
2 S and M are parallel, and S is to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 X is south east of T.
2 M is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
2 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 The object H and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 H is positioned up and to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
2 M is to the upper left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 F and G are side by side with G at the bottom and F on the top.
2 F is on the right side and top of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	left	1
1 P and D are parallel, and P is to the right of D.
2 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	below	1
1 H is on the top side to Q.
2 U is above H at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Y is on the upper right of R.
2 V is above R with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 Object S is below object X and to the left of it, too.
2 X is to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 M is at the bottom and J is on the top.
2 M is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the top and G is at the bottom.
2 X and I are side by side with X to the right and I to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	left	1
1 P is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 E presents lower right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V and R are parallel, and V is over R.
2 X is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
2 P is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	right	1
1 R is positioned right to U.
2 R is on the top and P is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 W and S are next to each other with W on the left and S on the right.
2 K is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	right	1
1 E is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 A and H are side by side with A on the top and H at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 F is south west of T.
2 The object Z is positioned directly above the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 T and P are parallel, and T is over P.
2 D is south west of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is placed at the lower left of E.
2 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Object Y is below object N and to the left of it, too.
2 Y presents upper right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the right and I is on the left.
2 The object I is positioned above and to the left of object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	below	1
1 T is over there and A is on the right.
2 W is placed in the left direction of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 D and V are next to each other with D on the top and V at the bottom.
2 V is directly south east of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 K and C are side by side with K on the top and C at the bottom.
2 R and K are horizontal and R is to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	above	1
1 C is below H.
2 C and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 Y and S are side by side with S at the bottom and Y on the top.
2 U is at Y's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Q is below and to the left of T.
2 B is sitting at the lower right position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 W is over there and O is directly below it.
2 W presents lower right to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Z is over there with H above.
2 I is below and to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	below	1
1 Z presents upper right to P.
2 U is placed in the left direction of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	right	1
1 J is sitting at the upper right position to X.
2 J and K are parallel, and J is on top of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	below	1
1 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
2 M is on the same vertical plane directly below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 R and K are in a vertical line with K below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	left	1
1 R is over there and B is on the right.
2 C and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 B is sitting at the upper left position to L.
2 B is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 O is directly north west of F.
2 L is positioned above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	below	1
1 E is over there and O is on the top of it.
2 J is on the lower left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the top and B is at the bottom.
2 N and X are parallel, and N is to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 G is at X's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the right side and below B.
2 F is placed at the bottom of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there and D is on the left of it.
2 L is at U's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	right	1
1 D and U are vertical and D is above U.
2 The object A is positioned directly above the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	below	1
1 C is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 S is positioned in the lower left corner of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the top position to V.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 R presents right to O.
2 Z is positioned up and to the right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	left	1
1 V is positioned right to R.
2 T is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	above	1
1 S is at the bottom of A vertically.
2 F is to the bottom-right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 T is at V's 12 o'clock.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper left of T.
2 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	below	1
1 N and D are horizontal and N is to the right of D.
2 D is to the left of Q and below Q at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
2 D and K are side by side with D to the right and K to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	above	1
1 H and Q are both there with the object Q below the object H.
2 Q and G are parallel, and Q is to the left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	below	1
1 J is at the bottom of K and is on the same vertical plane.
2 O is to the bottom left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	below	1
1 J is to the bottom-left of F.
2 J is north west of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the upper left position to K.
2 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 B is on top of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 L and S are both there with the object S below the object L.
2 Q is positioned below S and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned above T and to the left.
2 W is sitting at the top position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 K is above Z.
2 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	below	1
1 M is to the left of L horizontally.
2 M presents upper left to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned left to E.
2 P is positioned above L and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 Y is at the bottom and A is on the top.
2 A is directly above Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	above	1
1 U is positioned left to W.
2 R is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	above	1
1 Q is above U at 2 o'clock.
2 U presents below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	above	1
1 V and N are side by side with V on the top and N at the bottom.
2 N is positioned left to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 I is to the right of C.
2 G presents upper right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 4 and 5.
2 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 X is lower left to H.
2 X is positioned in the top left corner of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
2 A presents upper left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the right and P is on the left.
2 T is on the upper right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 A and L are horizontal and A is to the right of L.
2 N is placed in the left direction of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	left	1
1 T is positioned above N and to the right.
2 T is on the right side and top of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 X is to the left of Y horizontally.
2 X and W are horizontal and X is to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	left	1
1 G is to the bottom right of U.
2 V is to the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 M is above and to the left of O.
2 O is on the left side of and below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 K is placed at the lower left of Z.
2 K and O are both there with the object K is to the left of object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	below	1
1 U is over there and X is on the right.
2 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	right	1
1 C is over there and I is on the left of it.
2 P is placed at the upper right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 F is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 P is to the top-right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
2 E is on top of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	below	1
1 R is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
2 R is at P's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	below	1
1 M is positioned above G.
2 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there and I is on the right of it.
2 U is diagonally right and below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 B and E are next to each other with E at the bottom B on the top.
2 T and B are next to each other with B at the bottom T on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	above	1
1 M is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 R is to the upper left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned up and to the right of Z.
2 U and O are parallel, and U on the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	right	1
1 P is to the top right of Q.
2 V is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the right and X is on the left.
2 The object H and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the upper right position to R.
2 F is at the bottom of R vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	below	1
1 T is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 M and G are both there with the object G below the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	below	1
1 L is placed on the top of R.
2 R is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	left	1
1 V is to the right of B with a small gap between them.
2 B is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 M is on the left side and above H.
2 H and Y are in a vertical line with Y below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned below B and to the right.
2 D is at A's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned in the top left corner of B.
2 N is over there and Q is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	left	1
1 X presents right to T.
2 F is over there and X is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	right	1
1 S is over there and M is on the right.
2 M is over there and W is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	left	1
1 D is at C's 3 o'clock.
2 L is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	left	1
1 V and D are side by side with V to the left and D to the right.
2 B is to the top-left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	right	1
1 N is sitting in the left direction of E.
2 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	right	1
1 Y is to the top of D vertically.
2 The object D is positioned directly above the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	above	1
1 N is to the bottom-left of M.
2 M is placed in the right direction of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	above	1
1 O and F are horizontal and O is to the right of F.
2 F and C are in a vertical line with C below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	below	1
1 H is under Z.
2 Z is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	right	1
1 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 If A is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	right	1
1 R is placed at the lower right of C.
2 E is positioned above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the bottom of D vertically.
2 E is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the lower right position to R.
2 E is on the upper right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 S presents left to J.
2 Z is placed at the lower right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower left position to W.
2 S is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 C is diagonally right and above U.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to T.
2 J presents over N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	below	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
2 U is sitting in the right direction of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	above	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
2 M and Z are in a vertical line with M on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 F and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and F on the top.
2 Q is at W's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 Object D is below object R and to the left of it, too.
2 D is over there and S is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the upper left of U.
2 T is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 R is below and to the left of T.
2 U is positioned in the top left corner of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	right	1
1 C is placed at the lower right of S.
2 R is directly below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the right of M horizontally.
2 V and M are both there with the object M below the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	left	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
2 X is directly north west of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	above	1
1 Q is at U's 12 o'clock.
2 I is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	above	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
2 C is on the top side to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 O is placed at the lower left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 E is positioned down and to the left of R.
2 E is to the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	left	1
1 J and L are parallel, and J is on top of L.
2 J is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	below	1
1 S is on the right and N is on the left.
2 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 Q and B are parallel, and Q is on top of B.
2 Q is sitting at the lower right position to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	above	1
1 N is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 R is diagonally to the upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 B is at P's 6 o'clock.
2 P and V are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	above	1
1 Object C is below object V and to the right of it, too.
2 The object H and C are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 V and T are both there with the object V is to the left of object T.
2 V is placed at the upper right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	left	1
1 Z is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 X is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
2 O and Q are parallel, and O is on top of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	left	1
1 M is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 M is positioned up and to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	above	1
1 V and T are in a vertical line with T below V.
2 T is above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	below	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 W is placed on the top of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	right	1
1 F and D are both there with the object F is to the right of object D.
2 F is to the bottom right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 L and C are both there with the object L is to the left of object C.
2 Q is to the right of L horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	right	1
1 J is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
2 M and A are side by side with M to the right and A to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 G and E are next to each other with G on the left and E on the right.
2 W is south west of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 X is positioned below A.
2 B is placed on the top of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	below	1
1 Y is over there and X is on the left of it.
2 Z is below Y and to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the right side to E.
2 B is positioned left to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	right	1
1 M is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
2 T is placed at the upper left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 I is at G's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	below	1
1 Q is above K and to the right of K.
2 Q is positioned left to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	left	1
1 D is on the left side and above J.
2 V is over there and J is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	below	1
1 R and Q are parallel, and R is on top of Q.
2 The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	below	1
1 Z is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
2 M and Z are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 Q is directly north west of H.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 I is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 F is to the bottom right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
2 H is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	above	1
1 O is to the upper left of R.
2 R presents upper right to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the bottom of P.
2 T is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	right	1
1 Y is lower left to J.
2 Y is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Q and G are next to each other with Q on the left and G on the right.
2 U presents left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	right	1
1 O is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 F is sitting in the right direction of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 X and O are both there with the object O below the object X.
2 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	above	1
1 S is to the bottom right of W.
2 W is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	left	1
1 K is on the upper right of U.
2 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	left	1
1 F is over there with V below.
2 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	right	1
1 G and F are horizontal and G is to the right of F.
2 F is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
2 Z is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B is directly north west of C.
2 I is over there with C above.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	below	1
1 W is directly north west of Z.
2 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X presents upper left to L.
2 L is on the left side of and below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 E is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 T is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	left	1
1 T is directly south west of X.
2 D and T are parallel, and D on the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
2 Y is over Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 V is placed in the right direction of S.
2 V and D are side by side with V to the left and D to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	right	1
1 O and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
2 O presents upper right to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	right	1
1 M is on the lower right of F.
2 L is on the right and F is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 O and M are side by side with M at the bottom and O on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally right and below S.
2 P is to the left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned above and to the left of M.
2 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 W is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 N is above W and to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	left	1
1 The objects L and H are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 E is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 I is above H at 2 o'clock.
2 H is positioned below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	above	1
1 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
2 T is above O at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 R is lower left to L.
2 R is over there and D is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is below F and to the right of F.
2 I is on the left side of and below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	right	1
1 P is diagonally right and below L.
2 L is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the upper left of T.
2 G is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object K is positioned directly below the object C.
2 K is sitting in the left direction of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	above	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of L.
2 If A is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	right	1
1 N is placed at the lower right of Y.
2 V is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 G and X are parallel, and G is on top of X.
2 U is at the bottom and X is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	above	1
1 N is placed at the lower right of G.
2 I is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 Q and D are parallel, and Q is under D.
2 D presents over Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 A and B are parallel, and A is to the left of B.
2 B is on the right side and below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 H is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 The object L and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and A is directly above it.
2 E is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 H presents right to U.
2 H is upper left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 L is at Z's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 A is south west of J.
2 V is directly south west of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there and F is on the left of it.
2 F is diagonally to the upper right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 D is to the bottom-left of T.
2 O is on the right side and top of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 F is to the top-right of E.
2 E and P are side by side with E to the right and P to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	left	1
1 The objects F and S are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 F is positioned above Y and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 W and S are in a vertical line with S below W.
2 A is on the upper right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 A is on the top side to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	below	1
1 T is positioned below K and to the right.
2 R and K are parallel, and R is over K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 F is positioned down and to the left of T.
2 S and F are next to each other with S on the left and F on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
2 S is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	above	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled A.
2 H and A are parallel, and H is on top of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
2 S and G are side by side with S on the top and G at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
2 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	right	1
1 G is over there and X is on the left of it.
2 Q and G are parallel, and Q is on top of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	above	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of N.
2 C is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	right	1
1 B and A are both there with the object B is to the left of object A.
2 E is on the right side to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 F is sitting at the top position to V.
2 F is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	below	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, C is located between 10 and 11.
2 F is on the top and H is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	below	1
1 D is over there and F is directly below it.
2 F is below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	below	1
1 R presents upper left to S.
2 R is below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 H is above Y and to the right of Y.
2 H and B are in a vertical line with H on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	below	1
1 J and X are parallel, and J is to the right of X.
2 The object J and H are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 H presents upper left to B.
2 The objects D and B are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 F is positioned up and to the right of D.
2 D is sitting in the left direction of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 L and E are side by side with E at the bottom and L on the top.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 R is sitting at the lower left position to I.
2 R is diagonally left and below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 B is on the right side and below M.
2 R is on the right side and below B.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 P is diagonally left and below J.
2 Y and J are next to each other with J at the bottom Y on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the bottom-left of L.
2 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	right	1
1 L is to the bottom-right of P.
2 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, B is located between 4 and 5.
2 B is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	left	1
1 V is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
2 Q is below and to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	below	1
1 I is on the right side and below R.
2 P is diagonally left and below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
2 S is lower right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the right side to R.
2 X is below B and to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 W and D are horizontal and W is to the left of D.
2 K is over there and W is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	right	1
1 U is directly above J.
2 J is on the lower left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	below	1
1 L is positioned right to A.
2 A is to the upper left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	left	1
1 F is to the left of S.
2 S is above U with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Y is above X and to the right of X.
2 P is on the left side to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Q and Y are in a vertical line with Q on top.
2 Y is above and to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 P is placed at the upper right of Y.
2 U is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
2 X and P are horizontal and X is to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
2 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 T is at F's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 K is above Y and to the left of Y.
2 Y and Q are next to each other with Q on the right and Y on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the right of D horizontally.
2 D is diagonally right and below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	right	1
1 P is below X and to the right of X.
2 H is to the bottom right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 B and M are parallel, and B is to the left of M.
2 P is above B at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned up and to the right of A.
2 H is placed in the right direction of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	left	1
1 L and H are parallel, and L is on top of H.
2 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 V is below and to the left of S.
2 W and S are parallel, and W is under S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 L is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 R is below L with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	below	1
1 G is diagonally right and below U.
2 U is on the top and T is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	above	1
1 I is over there and B is on the top of it.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	right	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
2 N is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	below	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
2 P and F are in a vertical line with P on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 J and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom J on the top.
2 S is north east of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
2 H is below L and to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed at the lower right of A.
2 E is positioned below Q and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is positioned directly below the object F.
2 R and F are vertical and R is above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	below	1
1 K and Q are in a vertical line with Q below K.
2 K is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	above	1
1 S and Q are parallel, and S is to the left of Q.
2 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Z is placed in the left direction of K.
2 C is sitting in the right direction of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	right	1
1 X is at the bottom of A.
2 H is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	left	1
1 U is to the top of N vertically.
2 Y is below U at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 N is directly south east of H.
2 B is at H's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the top position to M.
2 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	above	1
1 Z is at P’s 9 o'clock.
2 Z is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	below	1
1 Z is to the upper left of Q.
2 A and Q are vertical and A is above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 B and G are next to each other with B on the top and G at the bottom.
2 B is over there and Y is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the left of N.
2 O is on the left side and above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	right	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
2 V is below and to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	left	1
1 C and I are side by side with C to the right and I to the left.
2 G presents lower right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	below	1
1 F is above A and to the left of A.
2 A is on top of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Q is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face Q.
2 H is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 X is placed in the right direction of G.
2 X is diagonally left and above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 S and T are horizontal and S is to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 M is sitting at the 9:00 position of Z.
2 Z and U are parallel, and Z is under U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 R and K are parallel, and R is to the right of K.
2 R is placed in the right direction of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	right	1
1 M is sitting at the lower position to X.
2 M is diagonally right and below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	above	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Q is below and to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	below	1
1 D is directly above I.
2 I is to the bottom-left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	below	1
1 N is on top of Y.
2 S and N are side by side with S on the top and N at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 O is below T and to the left of T.
2 T is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	left	1
1 C is to the bottom right of D.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	right	1
1 F and R are vertical and F is below R.
2 O is diagonally right and below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 I is over there and U is directly above it.
2 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 E is at K's 12 o'clock.
2 Z is placed in the left direction of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	above	1
1 U is on the lower right of J.
2 J is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, O is located between 10 and 11.
2 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	left	1
1 R is on the right side and below G.
2 Z is positioned down and to the left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	left	1
1 W is to the right of X.
2 X is to the top-right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper right of J.
2 L is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 W and C are parallel, and W is to the left of C.
2 C is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 T is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 X and V are side by side with X on the top and V at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 W and V are parallel, and W on the right of V.
2 W is above A and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The objects Z and G are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 V is below G with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
2 T and B are next to each other with B at the bottom T on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	above	1
1 U is to the upper left of X.
2 X presents left to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Object Y is below object A and to the left of it, too.
2 C is over Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	below	1
1 Q is at the bottom and D is on the top.
2 Q is north east of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	below	1
1 I is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 O is placed at the lower left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 S is north east of K.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 F is positioned above and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the top-right of X.
2 C is over there and X is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	above	1
1 E is to the top right of J.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is placed in the right direction of Q.
2 E is to the top of M vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
2 S and J are horizontal and S is to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	right	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 The objects L and M are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	right	1
1 B presents right to I.
2 B is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
2 N is to the top right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 G is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Z is positioned down and to the left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	right	1
1 O is over there and M is on the right of it.
2 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	right	1
1 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
2 K is upper left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting in the left direction of B.
2 T is over M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 D is north east of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 T is upper right to V.
2 K is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 W is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 O is sitting in the left direction of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 S and Y are parallel, and S is over Y.
2 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
2 W is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	below	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the right of the object labeled Z.
2 N presents lower right to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the right side and below J.
2 W and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	left	1
1 R is on the left and T is on the right.
2 T is upper left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 R is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned above A and to the right.
2 T and U are both there with the object T is to the left of object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	above	1
1 Q is at N's 3 o'clock.
2 K and N are in a vertical line with N below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	left	1
1 E is under Y.
2 Z is directly above Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The objects Y and H are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 S presents left to J.
2 The object A is positioned directly below the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is below F and to the left of F.
2 W is on the top of F and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	below	1
1 P is over there and Y is directly below it.
2 Y and O are both there with the object Y is to the right of object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	below	1
1 S is on the right and O is on the left.
2 S is on the right and Y is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Y and Q are parallel, and Y is to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 U and I are vertical and U is above I.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	above	1
1 K is above X at 10 o'clock.
2 O is over there and K is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the upper right of E.
2 R is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	left	1
1 A is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object J and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 M is placed on the top of D.
2 D and W are horizontal and D is to the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 X is below U at 7 o'clock.
2 X is on the right and R is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	left	1
1 I is at P's 12 o'clock.
2 I is diagonally to the upper right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	below	1
1 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
2 N is to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	right	1
1 P and B are vertical and P is above B.
2 H is at P's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	above	1
1 E is on the upper right of Y.
2 E is positioned in the top left corner of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 G is under E.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	below	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
2 R and P are in a vertical line with R on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	above	1
1 C is lower right of H.
2 W is directly above H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
2 Q presents over V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 Q is directly south west of T.
2 T is sitting at the upper left position to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom right of F.
2 F and K are parallel, and F is to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	above	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
2 P is positioned up and to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The objects F and V are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 Q presents lower right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F is upper left of B.
2 B presents lower left to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
2 E is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 C is at the bottom and K is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	left	1
1 N and I are both there with the object N above the object I.
2 D is south west of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 N is placed at the upper left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there and A is on the left.
2 P is on the top and U is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 B is diagonally above R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to S.
2 Q presents upper left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 N and L are both there with the object N is to the right of object L.
2 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	left	1
1 W and S are both there with the object W is to the left of object S.
2 W and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	left	1
1 E is above X with a small gap between them.
2 Q is directly south west of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 K is sitting at the upper right position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 I is directly north east of P.
2 D presents over I.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned below F and to the right.
2 B is placed at the lower left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
2 S is to the top right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	above	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 If B is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the left side and above B.
2 Object P is below object J and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower left position to H.
2 A and H are side by side with A on the top and H at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
2 M is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 C is diagonally to the upper left of J.
2 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 E is over there and P is directly below it.
2 P is directly south west of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	right	1
1 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
2 O is above M at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned below H and to the left.
2 Object H is below object E and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 The objects B and R are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 E is positioned in the front right corner of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Object H is below object A and to the right of it, too.
2 F is sitting at the top position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 V is north east of B.
2 B is at Z's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 M is sitting at the lower position to P.
2 N is sitting in the right direction of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	right	1
1 M is placed in the left direction of H.
2 R and H are parallel, and R is to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	right	1
1 R is to the bottom-right of L.
2 E is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 P is at N's 3 o'clock.
2 P is lower left to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
2 F is over there and T is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	left	1
1 H is above and to the right of W.
2 H is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	left	1
1 M and Z are parallel, and M on the right of Z.
2 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 C and U are next to each other with U at the bottom C on the top.
2 U is placed in the left direction of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object E and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	right	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of H.
2 F is over there and Y is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 S and E are parallel, and E is below S.
2 S is placed on the top of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	below	1
1 R is on the right side and top of C.
2 R is on the lower right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 P is upper left of O.
2 T is north east of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the top-left of M.
2 U is to the top of M vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 M is positioned above H.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned below D.
2 H is directly south east of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned below J and to the left.
2 W and J are horizontal and W is to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	right	1
1 C is above K and to the right of K.
2 W is north east of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the right of D.
2 F and V are both there with the object V below the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	above	1
1 T and B are both there with the object T is to the left of object B.
2 The object D is positioned below and to the left of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 N is diagonally to the upper left of H.
2 G is over there and N is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	left	1
1 M is directly north east of V.
2 H is positioned in the top left corner of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
2 X is south east of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	left	1
1 D is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 T presents upper left to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	above	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
2 The object H and F are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 N presents over A.
2 F is on the right and N is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	right	1
1 S and J are horizontal and S is to the right of J.
2 J is positioned below and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 B is directly north west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 L is placed on the top of Z.
2 L is positioned above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	above	1
1 D is to the bottom left of N.
2 N is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 Q is upper left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Y is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
2 Z is over there and W is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	left	1
1 M is positioned below L and to the left.
2 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 O and M are parallel, and O on the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	right	1
1 F is positioned in the top left corner of J.
2 F is over there and T is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 R is placed at the bottom of V.
2 R is to the bottom-left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	below	1
1 D and B are both there with the object D is to the right of object B.
2 The object J and D are there. The object J is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
2 D is sitting at the lower right position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 The object Q is positioned directly above the object A.
2 S presents lower left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	right	1
1 Q is below C with a small gap between them.
2 C is above and to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	below	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
2 L and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Q and B are in a horizontal line with B on the right.
2 Q is above V and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 T is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
2 V and N are parallel, and V on the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
2 G is sitting at the lower right position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	right	1
1 J and E are side by side with J to the right and E to the left.
2 J is over there with A below.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 W is above T at 2 o'clock.
2 V is on the lower left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 E and L are in a vertical line with L below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	right	1
1 O is positioned right to N.
2 N is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	below	1
1 D is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 C is at the bottom and B is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 F is at the lower side of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 T is south east of X.
2 C presents right to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 C is upper left of T.
2 O is diagonally left and below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned below O and to the left.
2 Z and O are both there with the object Z is to the left of object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	right	1
1 T is to the bottom-right of L.
2 D is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is directly south east of P.
2 K is lower left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 F is at H's 12 o'clock.
2 C is to the upper left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 P is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 D is below Z.
2 D is above V with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 R is to the left of K.
2 K is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the right of W horizontally.
2 Y is positioned below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 U is above W and to the left of W.
2 Y and W are next to each other with W on the right and Y on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	below	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
2 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	right	1
1 G is to the left of Y.
2 The objects U and G are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 V and X are parallel, and V on the left of X.
2 H is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 R and Q are next to each other with R on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 If D is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 Object Y is below object R and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
2 N and R are in a vertical line with N on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
2 F is directly north west of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is positioned directly above the object H.
2 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 V is directly south west of L.
2 V is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to K.
2 C is at the bottom of F vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
2 E is over there and P is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	right	1
1 H is over M.
2 A is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	above	1
1 W is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
2 W is diagonally below K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 L is diagonally above M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 T is to the bottom right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 M presents below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 R and A are side by side with A at the bottom and R on the top.
2 U is diagonally above A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 W is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
2 D is on the right side and below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	below	1
1 L and W are next to each other with W on the right and L on the left.
2 W is placed at the lower right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	left	1
1 F is to the right of Z horizontally.
2 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
2 F is to the left of X with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	below	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 P is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	right	1
1 S presents below M.
2 K is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	below	1
1 F is positioned below and to the right of N.
2 U is at the bottom of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 E is diagonally left and above E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the bottom of W.
2 A is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	below	1
1 L is below Y and to the left of Y.
2 L and I are side by side with L to the right and I to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
2 H is diagonally right and below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 M is at the bottom and V is on the top.
2 C and V are horizontal and C is to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	left	1
1 P is at the bottom and J is on the top.
2 J is positioned right to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 M is placed at the upper left of L.
2 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	left	1
1 F and X are next to each other with X on the right and F on the left.
2 X is directly above N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 T is below E and to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 W is directly above Y.
2 Y is on top of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	above	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
2 The object labeled L is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object V is positioned directly below the object B.
2 T is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	below	1
1 S presents left to Y.
2 The object labeled D is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	right	1
1 V is to the bottom left of O.
2 O is directly below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 U is positioned left to B.
2 B is at R's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 U is there and I is at the 2 position of a clock face U.
2 F is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the right and D is on the left.
2 A is below and to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
2 X is below W at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 S is lower right of R.
2 R is on the top and G is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	left	1
1 N is directly south east of Y.
2 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned above K and to the left.
2 P is over there and K is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	above	1
1 V and L are horizontal and V is to the right of L.
2 L is diagonally left and below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
2 The object labeled X is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 M and K are both there with the object M is to the left of object K.
2 R is diagonally left and below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 D is to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 P and C are both there with the object P is to the right of object C.
2 C is to the left of U horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	right	1
1 P is to the left of Q.
2 E is below and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Q presents below Y.
2 J and Q are parallel, and J on the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	above	1
1 D is positioned below W and to the left.
2 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 C is at U's 6 o'clock.
2 Z is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 M presents over B.
2 B and G are horizontal and B is to the left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	right	1
1 N is to the right of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 X is north west of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	left	1
1 Q is to the top right of A.
2 Q is diagonally to the upper right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 W and H are side by side with H at the bottom and W on the top.
2 W is to the upper left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 J is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	right	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 T and N are next to each other with N on the right and T on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 P is lower right of C.
2 X is at C's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	below	1
1 S and B are parallel, and B is below S.
2 B is above Z and to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	below	1
1 A is above Y.
2 M is on the right side to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	right	1
1 J is to the upper left of M.
2 J is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	above	1
1 F is on the top and W is at the bottom.
2 W is positioned above J.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 U is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 P is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 W and D are parallel, and W is on top of D.
2 J and D are next to each other with J on the left and D on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	right	1
1 T is over there with P below.
2 G is on the left side to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	left	1
1 H is placed in the left direction of T.
2 T is below and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	left	1
1 D is on the right side and below C.
2 D is over there and V is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the bottom-right of P.
2 P is over there and B is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 K and V are vertical and K is below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 P is on the top and T is at the bottom.
2 T is to the right of S horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object X and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 Z is placed on the top of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the right of V horizontally.
2 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	above	1
1 B is on the left side to P.
2 If V is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	right	1
1 O is to the left of Z.
2 B is placed in the left direction of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	left	1
1 I and N are parallel, and I is under N.
2 N is sitting at the upper right position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of P.
2 J is positioned left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 Z is placed at the bottom of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	below	1
1 H is to the right of C.
2 Y is directly north west of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	right	1
1 L and C are vertical and L is below C.
2 L is positioned up and to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 U is positioned up and to the right of R.
2 U is placed in the left direction of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
2 Q is at the bottom of A vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 M is placed at the bottom of S.
2 M is sitting in the left direction of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	above	1
1 C and N are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
2 T is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	above	1
1 L and R are vertical and L is above R.
2 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	below	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
2 T is above I at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 C is over there with O above.
2 C is diagonally left and below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	above	1
1 L is on the top side to Z.
2 R is positioned below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	above	1
1 The object W and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there with N below.
2 T is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 A is positioned above K and to the left.
2 A is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 B and V are both there with the object B is to the left of object V.
2 The object B is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	right	1
1 M is sitting at the lower position to C.
2 D is under C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	above	1
1 E is positioned above and to the left of K.
2 K is at Y's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Z is to the left of Q.
2 A is over there and Q is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	left	1
1 F and B are both there with the object F is to the left of object B.
2 F is placed in the left direction of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 Y and G are in a vertical line with Y on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object K and Z are there. The object Z is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 A is on the left side of and below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	below	1
1 L is below N at 7 o'clock.
2 Q is at L’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 R presents lower left to M.
2 M is on the right side and below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 D and Y are horizontal and D is to the left of Y.
2 Y is placed on the top of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned in the top left corner of A.
2 K is sitting at the upper right position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 V is placed at the lower right of T.
2 L is on the top and V is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	above	1
1 X is positioned in the lower right corner of C.
2 X is sitting at the lower position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	right	1
1 U and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
2 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	right	1
1 B is above U and to the left of U.
2 I is on the left side and above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 B is to the right of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 B is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 The objects Y and G are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 G and V are horizontal and G is to the left of V.
2 T is to the top-left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
2 W and F are horizontal and W is to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	left	1
1 B is above E at 2 o'clock.
2 E and D are parallel, and E is to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	right	1
1 I is on the right side to D.
2 X and I are both there with the object I below the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
2 Y is to the top of V vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 T is at the bottom of B.
2 T is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	below	1
1 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
2 Q and L are next to each other with L on the right and Q on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	right	1
1 V is directly north west of M.
2 I is south west of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	below	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	left	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 S is at L's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Object K is below object C and to the left of it, too.
2 A is positioned in the top left corner of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 I presents upper left to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 S is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
2 F is positioned below Q and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Z is at S’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	below	1
1 W is to the left of X.
2 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	right	1
1 N and F are both there with the object N above the object F.
2 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 G is below and to the left of S.
2 S is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	left	1
1 O and K are next to each other with O on the left and K on the right.
2 K is on the right side and top of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	right	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
2 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The object J is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	right	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
2 X and O are parallel, and X is to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 P is lower left to F.
2 Q is on the left side and above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 J is at the lower side of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	above	1
1 B is diagonally left and above B.
2 F is over O.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	above	1
1 M is north west of R.
2 R is on the same vertical plane directly above T.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	above	1
1 L is to the right of N.
2 L and J are side by side with L to the left and J to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	left	1
1 H and N are next to each other with N on the right and H on the left.
2 W is to the top-left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	left	1
1 Y is placed at the lower left of I.
2 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Y and A are parallel, and Y on the right of A.
2 A is on the top side to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	right	1
1 T is directly above N.
2 T is over there with Y below.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	above	1
1 T presents upper left to X.
2 B and X are both there with the object B is to the right of object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	below	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of Z.
2 G is over there and Q is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	left	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 B is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	above	1
1 U is placed at the upper right of D.
2 M is positioned right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 N is over there with L above.
2 N is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the top of H vertically.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	above	1
1 S is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
2 C is diagonally right and above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the lower left of F.
2 F is at O's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	right	1
1 B is on the left side of and below L.
2 B is under V.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the right side to J.
2 L is below R at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 M is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there and N is on the right.
2 W is to the right of Q horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	right	1
1 G is at the lower side of U.
2 B is placed at the bottom of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	above	1
1 D is above K at 2 o'clock.
2 B and D are next to each other with D at the bottom B on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	above	1
1 W is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
2 T is sitting at the lower left position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
2 O is positioned above and to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	right	1
1 Q is on the top side to I.
2 I is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object I.
2 I is directly north east of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the lower right of S.
2 C is to the left of O and below O at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Object K is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 K is at the bottom of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	above	1
1 J is above D at 2 o'clock.
2 J is at the bottom of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the left of K horizontally.
2 F is on the lower right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 F is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 F is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 Q is on the top side to H.
2 H presents right to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 G is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	below	1
1 I is to the left of O.
2 O is to the top of B vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	below	1
1 The objects D and L are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 A is over there with D below.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Z and G are horizontal and Z is to the right of G.
2 B is on the lower right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
2 Q is below and to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Q and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
2 V is directly below B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of L.
2 L is over H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	below	1
1 B is on the left and S is on the right.
2 S is south east of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object H and P are there. The object P is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 P is over there and Z is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	below	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
2 E is diagonally left and below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E presents upper left to K.
2 Object P is below object K and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the lower right position to D.
2 N is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 D is placed at the bottom of V.
2 P is above and to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower left position to I.
2 O and V are next to each other with V on the right and O on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	right	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Z is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the top-right of U.
2 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 K and Z are horizontal and K is to the left of Z.
2 Z is below J at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	above	1
1 G is to the right of Q.
2 G is placed at the lower left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 V is at U's 3 o'clock.
2 If A is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	below	1
1 C is above V with a small gap between them.
2 Z is to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	left	1
1 H is to the right and above Z at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Z is sitting at the lower left position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 S and W are parallel, and S is to the left of W.
2 G is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	above	1
1 Q is at M's 6 o'clock.
2 A is positioned above Q and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the top-left of I.
2 R and I are side by side with R to the right and I to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the top-right of V.
2 V is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the upper right of P.
2 P is positioned below and to the right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 Object I is above object B and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 B is upper right to E.
2 B is positioned left to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 Object D is below object X and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 L is over there and F is on the right of it.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 J is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 F is to the bottom right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to K.
2 L is placed at the bottom of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	right	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly below the object T.
2 V is diagonally left and above V.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 B and M are in a vertical line with B on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	below	1
1 Z is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	above	1
1 I is positioned below H and to the right.
2 I is on the left side to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 F is upper left of B.
2 F is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over there and T is directly above it.
2 V is below T with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 M is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 C is to the top-right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 E presents left to W.
2 X is upper right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	right	1
1 T is positioned right to U.
2 S is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned below and to the right of M.
2 M is placed at the bottom of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the bottom-right of F.
2 W is to the top-left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 C and D are in a vertical line with D below C.
2 C is north east of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	below	1
1 D is at the lower side of R.
2 The objects D and U are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 H is below and to the left of L.
2 E is above H and to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	left	1
1 The object G is positioned directly below the object C.
2 G is to the top of L vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	below	1
1 Object R is below object P and to the left of it, too.
2 If P is the center of a clock face, U is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	left	1
1 K is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
2 K is on the right and U is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	right	1
1 K and V are parallel, and K is over V.
2 V is diagonally to the bottom left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 The objects V and O are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 O is on the left side of and below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 L is over there and A is on the top of it.
2 A and U are parallel, and A is over U.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	above	1
1 X is below Y at 4 o'clock.
2 X is sitting at the upper right position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
2 Q is to the bottom-right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	below	1
1 M is placed in the right direction of Y.
2 I is to the bottom left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	right	1
1 M and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
2 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
2 C and X are next to each other with C on the top and X at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	below	1
1 B is below W at 7 o'clock.
2 W is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
2 E presents upper right to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 I is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 S is below I at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	below	1
1 U is south east of J.
2 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 V is upper right to L.
2 M is on the lower left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 V is below Y and to the left of Y.
2 T is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 P is positioned in the front right corner of R.
2 L is on the lower left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 Z presents lower left to W.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 J is under A.
2 J is lower right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting at the lower left position to G.
2 The object G is positioned directly below the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	below	1
1 R is on the right side to Y.
2 Y is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 G is positioned above F.
2 C and G are side by side with C to the left and G to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	right	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
2 O is at S's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	left	1
1 T is south east of U.
2 O is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object J and to the right of it, too.
2 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	above	1
1 Y is placed at the bottom of O.
2 J is to the bottom left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 W presents lower right to L.
2 G is on the left side of and below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 R is diagonally left and below D.
2 D is positioned above A and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Y is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
2 Z is below K at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	left	1
1 A is positioned in the front right corner of D.
2 A is above T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	right	1
1 N is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 N is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the top and P is at the bottom.
2 P is above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	below	1
1 E is sitting at the lower position to Q.
2 E and H are side by side with E to the left and H to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
2 X is diagonally left and above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	above	1
1 Q and E are parallel, and Q is to the right of E.
2 E and B are both there with the object E is to the right of object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	right	1
1 R presents lower left to U.
2 R is positioned above E and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned above N and to the left.
2 J and N are next to each other with J on the top and N at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 D and U are parallel, and D is to the left of U.
2 Z is over there and D is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	below	1
1 W is to the left of A.
2 J is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	right	1
1 E is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	below	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object F.
2 F is placed at the bottom of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	above	1
1 J is positioned above and to the left of Y.
2 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
2 F and K are parallel, and K is below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	below	1
1 B is diagonally above O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 B and Y are next to each other with B on the left and Y on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	above	1
1 V is to the right of Q.
2 Z is at Q's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	right	1
1 T is placed at the upper right of D.
2 D is lower right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	left	1
1 Q is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
2 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
2 B is at the bottom of G vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	below	1
1 L is over there and J is on the left.
2 V and L are parallel, and V is to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	right	1
1 S is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 R and I are parallel, and R is over I.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
2 B and W are side by side with B to the right and W to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 B and I are side by side with B on the top and I at the bottom.
2 I and H are horizontal and I is to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	right	1
1 S is at the bottom of L vertically.
2 L is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 R and W are parallel, and R on the left of W.
2 B is sitting at the lower position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned above M and to the left.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 R is positioned below W and to the right.
2 W is to the bottom left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper left of G.
2 L is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Object X is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 A is on the right side to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	below	1
1 A and X are parallel, and A is over X.
2 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 M and H are next to each other with M on the top and H at the bottom.
2 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 W is over there and X is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 X is positioned up and to the right of T.
2 T and S are both there with the object T above the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 L presents over M.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 M and A are next to each other with A at the bottom M on the top.
2 O is positioned up and to the right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	below	1
1 R is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 I is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	right	1
1 C and K are parallel, and C is to the right of K.
2 K and T are in a vertical line with T below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 K presents lower right to W.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S is placed in the left direction of H.
2 H is placed on the top of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	below	1
1 U is above E at 2 o'clock.
2 X is to the top-right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 W is at M’s 9 o'clock.
2 M and A are vertical and M is above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
2 N is to the bottom-right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting at the top position to Q.
2 P presents upper left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 E is lower right of O.
2 E is placed in the left direction of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 L is over there with F below.
2 L is on the right side and top of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 K is placed at the bottom of I.
2 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Z is directly south west of Y.
2 X is on the right and Y is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 T and C are parallel, and C is below T.
2 T is positioned up and to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	below	1
1 B is at I's 3 o'clock.
2 B is below and to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 I and J are both there with the object I is to the left of object J.
2 I is positioned below and to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Y is north east of O.
2 P is south west of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
2 J and W are parallel, and J is under W.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 V is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Z is under K.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 A is over there and F is on the right of it.
2 B is sitting in the left direction of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 Q is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 I is below and to the right of H.
2 I is placed at the upper right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	left	1
1 R is on the upper right of O.
2 V is positioned below and to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	above	1
1 K is positioned above E.
2 S is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the top right of W.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	left	1
1 J is positioned above U and to the right.
2 The objects A and U are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Y is over there and B is directly below it.
2 U and B are in a vertical line with U on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	above	1
1 H is on the left side and above G.
2 The objects Y and G are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	right	1
1 M is sitting at the lower right position to N.
2 T is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	above	1
1 B is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
2 J is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	above	1
1 F is below and to the left of W.
2 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 J is at the 6 o'clock position relative to R.
2 J is over there and O is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	right	1
1 V is under G.
2 A and G are vertical and A is below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper left of C.
2 C is sitting at the top position to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Y is over there and U is on the right.
2 C is positioned left to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	left	1
1 H is positioned below L and to the right.
2 U is positioned down and to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The objects Z and P are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 Z presents right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 2 and 3.
2 S presents lower left to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 S is diagonally left and below W.
2 N is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the left side and above M.
2 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned left to J.
2 T is below J at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	below	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
2 P is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 R presents lower left to F.
2 P is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	below	1
1 Q and T are parallel, and Q is on top of T.
2 V is to the upper left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K is under U.
2 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	left	1
1 G is above U and to the right of U.
2 G is placed at the upper right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at U's 6 o'clock.
2 R is below Y and to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	above	1
1 G and Q are both there with the object Q below the object G.
2 T is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 The object P is positioned above and to the left of object J.
2 P is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	right	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 A is under Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 G is positioned in the lower right corner of A.
2 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 K and T are both there with the object K is to the left of object T.
2 K and I are in a horizontal line with K on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	right	1
1 C is on the lower right of M.
2 C is south east of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 Z is sitting at the upper right position to D.
2 Z and J are side by side with Z on the top and J at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	left	1
1 M is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 A and Z are in a vertical line with A on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	below	1
1 V is on the top and O is at the bottom.
2 Y is directly north east of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	above	1
1 B presents left to T.
2 C and T are horizontal and C is to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 U presents lower left to H.
2 T presents lower left to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 D and Z are in a vertical line with D on top.
2 P presents lower right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	left	1
1 I is positioned in the front right corner of K.
2 J is over there and I is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	left	1
1 B is placed in the left direction of Z.
2 Z is to the bottom right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	left	1
1 U presents upper left to P.
2 The objects D and U are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 J is over N.
2 J is over there and W is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	below	1
1 J is on the left side to X.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the right of X horizontally.
2 The objects X and E are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is to the upper left of Z.
2 Z and B are side by side with Z to the right and B to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 G is north east of A.
2 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	below	1
1 C is placed in the right direction of Q.
2 C is upper left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 M is positioned in the top left corner of J.
2 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the top and P is at the bottom.
2 W is on the left and P is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	above	1
1 D and K are in a vertical line with K below D.
2 K is sitting at the top position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	above	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 G is directly south west of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
2 The object C is upper and slightly to the right of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 J is directly south east of C.
2 T is to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned below X and to the right.
2 F is placed at the upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 E is above I.
2 Object I is above object M and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 I is directly above O.
2 I is placed at the upper right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 L is placed at the lower left of I.
2 I is sitting in the left direction of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 M is to the bottom-left of K.
2 The objects U and K are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
2 Z is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the right side to V.
2 V is to the bottom-right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 V is north west of J.
2 J is to the top of O vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 The objects S and N are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 B is placed in the right direction of D.
2 C is sitting at the lower right position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the bottom and J is on the top.
2 U is at the bottom of K vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	below	1
1 H is below D and to the left of D.
2 X and D are in a vertical line with X on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 A and G are next to each other with G at the bottom A on the top.
2 Y is positioned up and to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	left	1
1 E is to the right of F.
2 D presents upper right to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	above	1
1 V is below D at 7 o'clock.
2 D is to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 S is above P and to the left of P.
2 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 S is north west of J.
2 N is on top of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	above	1
1 X and K are in a vertical line with K below X.
2 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 T and J are parallel, and T on the left of J.
2 W is positioned in the top left corner of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	above	1
1 T is below and to the right of O.
2 C is at the bottom and O is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	right	1
1 X is to the bottom-right of Y.
2 Y and O are both there with the object Y is to the left of object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 N is sitting at the 12:00 position to J.
2 G is sitting in the right direction of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	left	1
1 G and T are side by side with T at the bottom and G on the top.
2 T is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	right	1
1 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
2 H is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
2 D is to the bottom-left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	right	1
1 Y is positioned above and to the left of L.
2 Y is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 N and T are vertical and N is above T.
2 Object P is above object N and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 N and L are vertical and N is above L.
2 L presents lower left to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	above	1
1 X is above S at 10 o'clock.
2 Object R is above object S and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 E is to the upper left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	above	1
1 Q is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
2 Z is south west of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	left	1
1 Z is positioned right to W.
2 W is directly south east of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the lower left of Q.
2 D is on the left side and above I.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	left	1
1 W is on the left side and above I.
2 W is positioned below and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the left of Q.
2 O is positioned above and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	right	1
1 U and F are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
2 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	right	1
1 A is diagonally left and below O.
2 E is over there and O is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	right	1
1 X is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
2 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 E is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
2 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Y is placed at the bottom of H.
2 H is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	above	1
1 I is below and to the right of B.
2 B is placed at the upper right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	left	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
2 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 X is sitting at the upper left position to P.
2 P is sitting in the left direction of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned above and to the left of E.
2 E is positioned right to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
2 O is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 J is below C.
2 C is above K and to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	left	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
2 W is to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower position to L.
2 R is diagonally to the bottom right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	above	1
1 C and B are parallel, and C on the right of B.
2 R is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	below	1
1 I is on top of M.
2 M is above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	above	1
1 B and K are both there with the object B above the object K.
2 B is to the upper left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 U and T are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
2 M presents below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	below	1
1 D is sitting in the right direction of O.
2 J is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	left	1
1 The objects O and U are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 J and U are horizontal and J is to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	above	1
1 Y and U are parallel, and Y on the right of U.
2 Z is positioned right to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	left	1
1 L is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 S is lower left to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	above	1
1 O is to the left of U.
2 U presents right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 Y is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
2 Y is sitting at the lower position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	below	1
1 E presents over U.
2 U is below O at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	left	1
1 I is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
2 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the top of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
2 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 T is directly north east of H.
2 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
2 I is positioned above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	right	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Q is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the right of H horizontally.
2 Y is positioned above Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Object A is above object D and to the right of it, too.
2 U is on the top side to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 Z is to the bottom left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
2 P is upper left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 F is sitting at the upper right position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 10 and 11.
2 A is over there and R is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the bottom-left of E.
2 P is at the bottom and I is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 R is above U.
2 K presents left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at the lower side of V.
2 Q is placed at the bottom of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	above	1
1 N is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 N is placed in the left direction of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	left	1
1 I is diagonally above D to the right at a 45 degree.
2 I is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	right	1
1 A is above and to the right of W.
2 H and A are both there with the object H above the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the bottom-left of J.
2 J is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Z is placed on the top of F.
2 K and Z are parallel, and Z is below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	above	1
1 Z is diagonally right and above R.
2 J is below and to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there and F is directly below it.
2 B is placed at the upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	left	1
1 E and A are in a vertical line with A below E.
2 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	above	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom left of M.
2 A is on the right side and top of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 P is diagonally left and below T.
2 P is over there and M is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	above	1
1 P is on the top of G and is on the same vertical plane.
2 T is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	below	1
1 J is to the left of W.
2 F is diagonally right and above W.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
2 The objects L and E are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
2 L is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the left of O.
2 O is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	left	1
1 V and E are side by side with V on the top and E at the bottom.
2 R is to the top of V vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 O is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 M is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled D.
2 G is sitting in the right direction of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	left	1
1 F presents left to D.
2 G is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	right	1
1 U is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
2 I is above and to the left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 O is above and to the right of W.
2 O is on the lower right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	above	1
1 V is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 P is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The objects A and F are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 A is under Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned right to R.
2 J is north west of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the bottom left of D.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the top of T vertically.
2 N is positioned below M and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	below	1
1 H is sitting at the upper right position to S.
2 N is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face N.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Z is north east of T.
2 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	right	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper left of F.
2 F presents lower right to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 M is positioned below and to the right of Y.
2 M is on the left side of and below B.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 J and C are next to each other with J on the left and C on the right.
2 K and C are next to each other with K on the left and C on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	left	1
1 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 C is on the right side to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	right	1
1 B is sitting in the right direction of W.
2 W is below G at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	above	1
1 K is to the top-right of J.
2 L and J are parallel, and L is to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the lower side of Z.
2 W is positioned below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	below	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
2 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 Z is placed at the bottom of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
2 L is below and to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 X is above P with a small gap between them.
2 K is there and X is at the 2 position of a clock face K.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the top-right of T.
2 M is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	left	1
1 G and Y are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
2 I and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and I on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 H is below P and to the right of P.
2 G is to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned above M and to the right.
2 D is positioned below and to the right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 O is over there and M is on the right.
2 M is above and to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	right	1
1 K and Z are vertical and K is below Z.
2 S presents lower right to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	left	1
1 V is above J and to the left of J.
2 J is above O and to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 R and Q are side by side with R on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 R is on the left side of and below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R and D are vertical and R is below D.
2 U is below R at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
2 Y is at X's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object Q and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 I is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 A is diagonally left and below J.
2 The object J is positioned directly above the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 S is above and to the right of B.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting at the lower right position to E.
2 E is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 L is above J with a small gap between them.
2 K is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally left and below U.
2 V is above and to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 E is below M at 7 o'clock.
2 I is on the right side to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	left	1
1 D is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 J is south east of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 Q is positioned below M and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object P.
2 K is above X at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 O presents upper right to L.
2 U and L are next to each other with U on the top and L at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	left	1
1 A is below V.
2 O is positioned right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	above	1
1 T and D are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
2 B is directly south east of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned above L.
2 The objects C and D are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 L is over there and G is on the top of it.
2 L is to the top-right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to C.
2 W is placed in the right direction of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 W is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 E is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	left	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
2 K is diagonally to the bottom right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on top of T.
2 T is to the top right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	above	1
1 P is below E and to the right of E.
2 E is placed on the top of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	right	1
1 I and R are next to each other with R at the bottom I on the top.
2 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	right	1
1 B is sitting in the left direction of E.
2 G and B are both there with the object B below the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	above	1
1 X and S are parallel, and X is to the left of S.
2 L is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 J is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 P and B are parallel, and P on the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 L and P are parallel, and L is under P.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 Q and K are parallel, and Q is over K.
2 V and K are next to each other with V on the top and K at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 N is to the top-left of P.
2 P is over there and F is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	left	1
1 E presents upper left to G.
2 G is over there and V is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	right	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of H.
2 N is on the right side and below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 K is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 D is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 S is placed in the left direction of E.
2 B is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 E is on the right side and below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 P is south west of E.
2 P and M are parallel, and P is on top of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	below	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
2 G and E are next to each other with E at the bottom G on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 Y is at the bottom of C vertically.
2 U is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	above	1
1 S is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 W presents below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
2 X is on top of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned below L and to the left.
2 A is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is on the right and Y is on the left.
2 Y is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 N presents upper right to I.
2 I is positioned in the top left corner of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 R is diagonally left and above R.
2 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	above	1
1 The object P is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
2 U is over there with Y below.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	below	1
1 H is diagonally left and below I.
2 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 I is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 N and R are side by side with N on the top and R at the bottom.
2 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 U is over there and F is on the right.
2 U is positioned below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	right	1
1 U is at the bottom of Y vertically.
2 F is over Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
2 D is over there with L below.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	right	1
1 G is over there with H below.
2 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
2 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the lower left of C.
2 I and U are next to each other with U at the bottom I on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 U is over there and S is on the right.
2 C and S are next to each other with C on the left and S on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	left	1
1 Q is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to J.
2 C is below Q and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 The object D and P are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 S is placed at the bottom of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
2 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	left	1
1 H is to the bottom right of C.
2 C is sitting at the top position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
2 W is to the bottom-right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	above	1
1 C is directly north west of W.
2 H is on the upper right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Q presents right to Z.
2 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 N is to the top-left of T.
2 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to O.
2 Z is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	left	1
1 M is directly above H.
2 J and H are parallel, and J is on top of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	below	1
1 W is above and to the right of A.
2 P is under W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
2 G is on the right side and top of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 O is on the lower left of E.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 U is below T.
2 T and D are in a vertical line with D below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	above	1
1 V is on the upper right of D.
2 D is at Z's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 H is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
2 H and L are in a horizontal line with H on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
2 The objects R and N are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 D is to the top-right of K.
2 D is to the upper left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	right	1
1 N is to the top right of B.
2 K is to the left of N horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	below	1
1 T is directly below P.
2 T is to the bottom-right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S and K are both there with the object K below the object S.
2 K is diagonally to the upper right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	above	1
1 D is sitting at the upper left position to S.
2 R is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	right	1
1 A is lower right of J.
2 J is to the right of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	left	1
1 O and E are parallel, and O is to the left of E.
2 U is there and O is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 J is sitting in the right direction of I.
2 L is placed at the bottom of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	right	1
1 P is above and to the right of Q.
2 F is above Q at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	right	1
1 C is below and to the left of B.
2 C is positioned up and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 H is placed at the upper right of K.
2 T presents upper left to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Q is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face Q.
2 N is on the right and S is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
2 Q is diagonally right and below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed at the upper left of G.
2 D is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 M is at B's 3 o'clock.
2 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 J and K are parallel, and J is to the right of K.
2 J and H are horizontal and J is to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	right	1
1 Z is positioned above and to the left of U.
2 H is over there and U is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 D is below Y at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	above	1
1 S is above and to the left of I.
2 S is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Y and C are parallel, and Y is over C.
2 S is at Y's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	right	1
1 L is north west of Z.
2 L is above E.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The objects S and R are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object R.
2 S is positioned above W and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	left	1
1 D and K are vertical and D is below K.
2 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	left	1
1 G is to the top of T vertically.
2 Q and G are next to each other with Q on the top and G at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	above	1
1 T is directly north west of V.
2 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the 12:00 position to C.
2 Y is positioned above S and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 D and F are in a vertical line with D on top.
2 F is positioned in the top left corner of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 W and G are next to each other with G at the bottom W on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
2 R is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	left	1
1 S and H are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
2 V is on the lower right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	right	1
1 T is to the top right of B.
2 D is sitting at the lower right position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 The objects M and F are over there. The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 The object H is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
2 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 C is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 P is upper right to M.
2 M is on the left and V is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 J is positioned below U.
2 U is positioned above H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	below	1
1 M is on the right side and top of Y.
2 X and Y are side by side with X to the left and Y to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
2 F is sitting at the lower left position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 S is north east of A.
2 A is on the left side of and below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 H and Z are side by side with H to the right and Z to the left.
2 Z is sitting at the lower position to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	above	1
1 N is placed at the upper left of P.
2 G is at the bottom of N vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	below	1
1 O and F are parallel, and F is below O.
2 E is to the bottom-left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	left	1
1 C presents lower left to U.
2 U is positioned below and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the bottom left of J.
2 M is on the right side to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 E is south east of T.
2 O is diagonally left and above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 B is positioned above C.
2 C is diagonally to the upper left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally right and below E.
2 G is diagonally to the upper right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	below	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper left position to X.
2 X and V are parallel, and X is under V.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 L and N are parallel, and L on the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	left	1
1 J is directly north east of I.
2 V is at the bottom of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 A is directly above V.
2 E is at the bottom of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper left of T.
2 Z is upper left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 A is on the upper right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	right	1
1 K is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 P is to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	right	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of N.
2 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 C is positioned below V and to the left.
2 H is above and to the left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 L is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 L is on the lower right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 L is over there and Y is on the right of it.
2 If Y is the center of a clock face, A is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	below	1
1 N is to the right of V horizontally.
2 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	right	1
1 E is above and to the right of F.
2 F is over there and Y is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 U is on top of Q.
2 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	below	1
1 I is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 I and W are in a vertical line with W below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	below	1
1 V and Z are horizontal and V is to the left of Z.
2 V is at the bottom and F is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 O is above F and to the left of F.
2 O is below and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 J is below D at 7 o'clock.
2 U is over there and J is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 A is at B’s 9 o'clock.
2 H is on the right and B is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	left	1
1 G is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 N is over there and Y is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 T is to the bottom right of A.
2 A is positioned below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
2 U is under V.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	below	1
1 I and Z are side by side with I on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 I is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of W.
2 Y is sitting at the top position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	left	1
1 U is sitting at the upper right position to C.
2 Object C is above object N and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 B is directly above S.
2 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at P's 12 o'clock.
2 D is over there with P below.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Y is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 R is to the top-left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned in the front right corner of H.
2 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the top-right of S.
2 S and D are parallel, and S is to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	above	1
1 E is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
2 E presents upper left to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the top right of E.
2 V and H are side by side with V to the right and H to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	left	1
1 N is lower right of R.
2 N is on the right and H is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	above	1
1 M is over there and J is on the right.
2 H is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	left	1
1 R and H are next to each other with R on the top and H at the bottom.
2 V is to the top right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 N and X are vertical and N is above X.
2 V is sitting at the upper left position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
2 B presents upper left to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 I presents upper right to M.
2 I is above U and to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 M is below and to the left of Q.
2 C is positioned in the front right corner of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 G is positioned up and to the right of F.
2 G is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 M is at the bottom of F vertically.
2 M is over there and X is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	below	1
1 M is upper right to I.
2 M is at the bottom of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 V is placed in the right direction of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled K.
2 R is at F's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	right	1
1 S is on the top side to B.
2 S is positioned left to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	above	1
1 J is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 K is below J and to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 D is over there and G is on the top of it.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the top-right of S.
2 R is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	left	1
1 J and Z are both there with the object J is to the left of object Z.
2 S is diagonally left and below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Y is sitting at the top position to O.
2 D and O are next to each other with D on the top and O at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 Z is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Object Z is below object U and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the left side to O.
2 O is below and to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	left	1
1 V is on the right side and top of G.
2 K is placed in the left direction of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	left	1
1 L is sitting at the 6:00 position to M.
2 P is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 U is below Q at 4 o'clock.
2 Q is over there and Y is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
2 Q is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 I is below G at 4 o'clock.
2 U is positioned below I and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The object Z and I are there. The object Z is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the right side and below D.
2 E is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The objects Z and T are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 A and Z are next to each other with A on the left and Z on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 N presents lower right to C.
2 X is positioned in the top left corner of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 I is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The objects N and E are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J presents below H.
2 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	above	1
1 Q is placed at the lower left of K.
2 K and L are parallel, and K on the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting in the right direction of L.
2 L is below D and to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the bottom left of Y.
2 X is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 P is diagonally below I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 P is diagonally to the upper left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object G is positioned directly above the object Y.
2 Y is positioned below E and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	below	1
1 W is to the top-left of Y.
2 N is diagonally right and above Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
2 T is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 E is below K at 7 o'clock.
2 K is diagonally to the upper left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 M is placed at the upper left of H.
2 M and F are horizontal and M is to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 N is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	left	1
1 L and G are side by side with L on the top and G at the bottom.
2 L is below and to the right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 C and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
2 C is directly below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 T and H are parallel, and T is to the left of H.
2 T is at the bottom and R is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 S and T are parallel, and T is below S.
2 T is positioned right to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	above	1
1 W is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 W is on the lower right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	right	1
1 T is over V.
2 V is on the top side to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 W is over there with G below.
2 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	above	1
1 B is under M.
2 Object W is below object M and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	below	1
1 M and R are parallel, and M is to the left of R.
2 R is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Z and X are parallel, and Z on the left of X.
2 V is to the bottom left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object X and Y are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
2 K is placed in the left direction of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	above	1
1 H is diagonally left and below R.
2 R is below O at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
2 M is positioned above T and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L is positioned down and to the left of P.
2 L presents below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 F is at W's 6 o'clock.
2 H is diagonally left and above H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the right side to M.
2 O is sitting in the right direction of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 F is above G and to the right of G.
2 U is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 The object P and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 V and A are in a vertical line with V on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	above	1
1 N is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 R is to the top of N vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 G is placed at the upper left of Q.
2 G is over R.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 B and I are in a vertical line with B on top.
2 B is at H's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	above	1
1 H is on the top and D is at the bottom.
2 H is below T and to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
2 L is over there and T is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 M is placed at the upper right of D.
2 X is below M at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 M is placed in the left direction of N.
2 G is directly below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the top side to W.
2 W is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	below	1
1 X is positioned above B and to the right.
2 O is on the left and X is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	above	1
1 F is placed at the lower right of B.
2 Z is placed in the right direction of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Z is above and to the left of C.
2 Z is positioned in the top left corner of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 I presents right to B.
2 D is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	above	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
2 The object C and N are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	left	1
1 K is placed at the lower left of L.
2 D is south west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 L is on the left and P is on the right.
2 V is above L with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	below	1
1 Y is at the bottom of L.
2 L is over there and J is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 W is directly south west of H.
2 C is placed on the top of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	above	1
1 The objects Y and W are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 Y is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 M and B are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
2 V is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	above	1
1 A is sitting in the left direction of W.
2 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 V is to the left of Z.
2 The objects Z and Q are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	left	1
1 G is to the top-right of R.
2 F is to the bottom-right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	right	1
1 I is over there and A is on the top of it.
2 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	below	1
1 G is below M with a small gap between them.
2 The object labeled U is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned right to R.
2 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	left	1
1 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to A.
2 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	above	1
1 H is above J at 2 o'clock.
2 H is positioned left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	right	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 C and I are parallel, and C is under I.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 H is above O and to the right of O.
2 H is over there with P above.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
2 The object W and D are there. The object W is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	left	1
1 I is on the right side and below S.
2 I is sitting in the right direction of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 M is diagonally to the upper right of W.
2 W is sitting at the top position to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 E is upper right to L.
2 S is above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	right	1
1 W and C are parallel, and C is below W.
2 Object W is below object P and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	above	1
1 C is below and to the left of J.
2 B and C are next to each other with C on the right and B on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 W is at the bottom and F is on the top.
2 W presents left to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 P is below and to the right of G.
2 G is positioned left to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	above	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
2 Z is over there and L is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
2 H is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	left	1
1 S and Y are in a vertical line with S on top.
2 S is directly south east of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	below	1
1 G and U are vertical and G is above U.
2 U and N are parallel, and U is on top of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	below	1
1 P is on the right side and top of N.
2 N is positioned right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the left of P horizontally.
2 Object F is below object R and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower position to Q.
2 R and K are next to each other with K on the right and R on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	above	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
2 Z and E are both there with the object E below the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 B is on the left side and above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the left side to R.
2 U and N are in a vertical line with U on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object B is positioned directly below the object F.
2 N is diagonally to the upper left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	right	1
1 O is directly above J.
2 G is placed in the left direction of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 X is over there and Z is on the left.
2 K is there and X is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 C is south west of S.
2 S is over there and P is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Object F is above object N and to the left of it, too.
2 N and G are vertical and N is below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	below	1
1 P is positioned left to V.
2 V is sitting in the right direction of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	left	1
1 N is diagonally right and below U.
2 A is north west of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally left and above B.
2 C presents below B.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the top of E vertically.
2 E presents right to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 J is on the left side to P.
2 P is to the top of D vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 B is below and to the right of V.
2 D is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Q is below R and to the right of R.
2 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 S is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
2 F is positioned down and to the left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 A and Z are side by side with A to the left and Z to the right.
2 C is placed at the upper left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	right	1
1 S is lower left to E.
2 S is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	below	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
2 E presents below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of D.
2 D is over there and L is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 J is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 B and U are vertical and B is below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	below	1
1 S is there and L is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 C is positioned down and to the left of O.
2 C is positioned down and to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 S and N are parallel, and S is on top of N.
2 S is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Y and U are in a vertical line with U below Y.
2 Y is at the bottom of Z and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 F is over there with X above.
2 O and X are parallel, and O is under X.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 A is above B and to the right of B.
2 B is north west of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 E is on the right side and top of C.
2 R is to the right of E horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 S is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 X and V are parallel, and X is to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	below	1
1 V is on the same vertical plane directly above L.
2 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
2 D is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	right	1
1 B is to the bottom right of A.
2 Object L is below object A and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	left	1
1 K is below U and to the left of U.
2 Q is placed in the left direction of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
2 K is to the bottom right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 T is below and to the right of X.
2 X is diagonally left and below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	above	1
1 S is on the right and O is on the left.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 R is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 R is to the top of K vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
2 Z is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 E and L are both there with the object E above the object L.
2 Object L is above object W and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 F is placed at the upper right of W.
2 L is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Z is north east of G.
2 K is positioned above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	below	1
1 Q and H are both there with the object H below the object Q.
2 B is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 J is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
2 J is under Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	below	1
1 U presents upper left to M.
2 U is over there and W is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	left	1
1 F is to the bottom left of Z.
2 Z is at the bottom and H is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 O is at the bottom of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 O is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
2 K is lower left to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	below	1
1 M is to the upper left of E.
2 E is placed in the left direction of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	left	1
1 A is on the left and C is on the right.
2 O is diagonally to the upper right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 N presents right to T.
2 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower position to U.
2 U is above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	above	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 B is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 K is at G's 3 o'clock.
2 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the left of L horizontally.
2 S is sitting at the lower position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 X is above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	above	1
1 M is north west of D.
2 Y and M are horizontal and Y is to the right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the right side to Q.
2 The object K is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the right of M horizontally.
2 Y is on the right and M is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	left	1
1 R is positioned below L and to the left.
2 R is placed at the bottom of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	left	1
1 C is on the right side to Y.
2 Y is to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 Object W is below object O and to the right of it, too.
2 B is diagonally right and below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 O is at T’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the bottom right of D.
2 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 G is placed in the right direction of Q.
2 Q is slightly off center to the top left and K is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	left	1
1 P is diagonally left and below Q.
2 Z is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	right	1
1 G is to the upper left of I.
2 G is on the left side of and below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	below	1
1 C is over there and R is on the top of it.
2 C and N are in a vertical line with C on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	below	1
1 A is positioned above X and to the right.
2 If A is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there and G is on the left.
2 F is at the bottom of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 G and R are next to each other with G on the top and R at the bottom.
2 B is on top of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	above	1
1 N is positioned above G.
2 N and F are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
2 P and L are horizontal and P is to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 B and O are vertical and B is below O.
2 Z is on top of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Y is over there and F is on the top of it.
2 C and Y are next to each other with Y on the right and C on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	above	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 R is above Q and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
2 A is on the right side to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
2 N is placed in the right direction of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	below	1
1 W is at the bottom of F vertically.
2 F presents over A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	below	1
1 X is placed at the upper right of U.
2 Z and U are parallel, and Z is under U.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 H is below and to the right of L.
2 V is to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object G is positioned directly below the object U.
2 S is sitting at the top position to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	above	1
1 M and K are both there with the object M above the object K.
2 E is directly south east of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 K is over there and E is directly above it.
2 H is at E's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 B is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Y and V are next to each other with Y on the top and V at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	below	1
1 G and O are parallel, and G on the right of O.
2 O is on the right side and below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the right side to W.
2 F is to the bottom right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 B presents right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	above	1
1 P is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 P is on top of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	below	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 The object U and Z are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 S and D are parallel, and S on the right of D.
2 D is below and to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 The object N and L are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 L is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 J and L are parallel, and J is over L.
2 P is positioned below J and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	left	1
1 V is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 V is at the bottom of F vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 R is diagonally right and below O.
2 R is positioned above M and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally right and below W.
2 U is at V's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	right	1
1 A is on the top and M is at the bottom.
2 A and W are parallel, and A on the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	above	1
1 The objects J and A are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 J is sitting at the upper left position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 V is positioned above B and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
2 H is diagonally right and below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 H is on the left side of and below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 P is placed in the left direction of A.
2 I is sitting at the upper right position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	left	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
2 Q is at S's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	right	1
1 C and W are in a vertical line with C on top.
2 B and C are parallel, and B is to the left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 H is at the lower side of O.
2 J is at H’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	right	1
1 L is positioned right to X.
2 A is above L at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 D is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 D is on the same vertical plane directly below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 F presents upper left to H.
2 T is directly south east of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there and O is directly below it.
2 N and K are side by side with N to the right and K to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	below	1
1 H and G are parallel, and G is below H.
2 H is upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	right	1
1 D is below T at 7 o'clock.
2 T is above and to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 X is positioned in the top left corner of V.
2 V is to the top-left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there and X is on the right of it.
2 X is positioned above and to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 C is above S with a small gap between them.
2 S is positioned in the top left corner of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	above	1
1 J presents upper left to R.
2 R is sitting at the lower left position to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 P is above and to the left of Y.
2 F is to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 F is directly north west of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	right	1
1 P is positioned up and to the right of R.
2 R is below T with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	above	1
1 Z and O are in a vertical line with O below Z.
2 Object O is above object P and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 D is sitting at the upper right position to H.
2 W is placed at the bottom of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 R is directly north west of S.
2 I is on the top side to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	left	1
1 B and T are next to each other with B on the left and T on the right.
2 X and T are next to each other with X on the left and T on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 X is on the top side to P.
2 X is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 Z presents upper right to T.
2 Z is on the upper right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 M is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 M is below V and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 X is over there with W below.
2 I is to the right of X horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
2 W presents lower right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there and I is at the bottom of it.
2 I is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 B is at Q's 6 o'clock.
2 X is on the right and Q is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
2 M is to the bottom-right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 F is over there and G is directly below it.
2 G and B are horizontal and G is to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	right	1
1 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object S.
2 D is placed at the bottom of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the left side of and below G.
2 D is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 I presents upper right to B.
2 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 J is positioned below C.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	above	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 I is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	above	1
1 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
2 U is south east of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	right	1
1 Object R is below object A and to the right of it, too.
2 R is on the left and T is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 N is directly south east of Z.
2 H is diagonally right and above Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
2 K is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the right of B.
2 I is over there and D is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	above	1
1 H and G are parallel, and G is below H.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 C and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
2 W is above Y at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 C is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 C is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	below	1
1 O is on the right side to V.
2 V is lower left to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	below	1
1 G is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 E is at G’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 L is above and to the left of Q.
2 Y is at the bottom of Q and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 F is at V’s 9 o'clock.
2 Z is north west of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 U is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
2 J is positioned above U and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	above	1
1 V is placed at the upper right of I.
2 V and T are parallel, and V is on top of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	below	1
1 Y and S are side by side with Y on the top and S at the bottom.
2 Y presents right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 J is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Z is at the bottom and T is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 U is positioned down and to the left of T.
2 P is positioned below U and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Z is directly below H.
2 I is to the upper left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the upper left of M.
2 M is to the upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom right of L.
2 M is at the bottom of H vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 A is directly south west of R.
2 X is over there and A is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	below	1
1 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
2 G is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 G is diagonally left and below H.
2 H and O are side by side with H on the top and O at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 G is at J’s 9 o'clock.
2 G is to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 H and W are side by side with H on the top and W at the bottom.
2 A is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	right	1
1 The objects X and S are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 X is lower left to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 U is positioned down and to the left of L.
2 L is on the right side and top of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 I is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 I is on the left and J is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 I presents over Y.
2 I is at the bottom of Z vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	above	1
1 F is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 H is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 U is at the bottom of Y.
2 A is above and to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 A is over there with E below.
2 E is sitting at the lower left position to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
2 U is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
2 A is diagonally left and above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	above	1
1 W is on the left and I is on the right.
2 I is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the right side and top of X.
2 W is to the bottom left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 F and I are parallel, and F is over I.
2 C presents upper right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 M and T are side by side with T at the bottom and M on the top.
2 M is placed at the bottom of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	above	1
1 E and N are next to each other with E on the top and N at the bottom.
2 N and C are parallel, and N is under C.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 R is to the upper left of M.
2 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the lower left of G.
2 H is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
2 M is over there and F is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	right	1
1 R presents left to Q.
2 Q is placed on the top of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 D is above and to the left of A.
2 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	right	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
2 D is on the left side and above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the right side and top of X.
2 X is diagonally right and below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the right side and below F.
2 F is north west of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 Z is positioned above R and to the left.
2 Z and N are both there with the object Z is to the right of object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	left	1
1 F is above and to the right of V.
2 F and G are side by side with F to the left and G to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower left position to V.
2 E is above V at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
2 M is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	above	1
1 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
2 R is placed on the top of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
2 V is to the top right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	above	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
2 M is positioned right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	right	1
1 M is above W and to the right of W.
2 X is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 A is upper left of G.
2 G and R are parallel, and R is below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
2 C is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	right	1
1 I is above G and to the right of G.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 T is directly south east of U.
2 If N is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the left of N horizontally.
2 P is sitting at the upper right position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	left	1
1 V is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
2 Q is positioned up and to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	right	1
1 W is positioned up and to the right of S.
2 I is above S at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the bottom right of K.
2 D is below Z and to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	above	1
1 W is over there with A above.
2 H is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	above	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
2 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 The objects K and U are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
2 Q is diagonally to the upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	below	1
1 W is lower right of S.
2 S is to the bottom-left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 M is upper right to H.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 N and P are in a vertical line with N on top.
2 Z is over there with N above.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	above	1
1 H is north east of M.
2 H and Z are both there with the object H is to the right of object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 D and O are vertical and D is above O.
2 D is on the left side of and below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the bottom of R.
2 O is upper left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 H is to the top of G vertically.
2 H is over there and D is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	above	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 M and E are both there with the object M is to the right of object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 W is placed at the upper left of D.
2 V is directly north west of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 O is directly below N.
2 P is placed in the left direction of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	right	1
1 B and O are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
2 C and O are parallel, and C is on top of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 A is over there and C is on the left.
2 U is to the top-right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the right of J.
2 P is lower right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned below and to the right of X.
2 Y is positioned above X and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	below	1
1 C is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
2 R is at U's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	above	1
1 R and A are side by side with R on the top and A at the bottom.
2 X is on the same vertical plane directly above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	below	1
1 T is directly north east of Q.
2 T is sitting at the upper left position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	right	1
1 L is on the right side and top of W.
2 W is over there with B below.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B and V are both there with the object B is to the left of object V.
2 K and B are side by side with K to the left and B to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	right	1
1 R is positioned below Y and to the right.
2 Object C is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 I presents upper right to L.
2 N is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	right	1
1 Object Z is below object M and to the left of it, too.
2 B is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	left	1
1 D presents over Q.
2 O is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face O.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Z and Q are horizontal and Z is to the left of Q.
2 M is below Z with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled O.
2 Q is diagonally right and above N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 E is above X at 2 o'clock.
2 F is on the top and X is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 O is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face O.
2 B is positioned in the front right corner of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 L is over there with V above.
2 A and V are side by side with V at the bottom and A on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	below	1
1 L is upper right to Y.
2 The object W is positioned directly above the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Y is directly north east of F.
2 X is positioned in the front right corner of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 L is south east of P.
2 Z is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	left	1
1 The objects R and Z are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 R is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 N is positioned down and to the left of F.
2 S is to the top-right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 J is placed on the top of G.
2 J presents right to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	above	1
1 I is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
2 L is diagonally to the upper right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 C is placed in the right direction of X.
2 X is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 K is above L at 2 o'clock.
2 K and J are parallel, and K is over J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 S presents right to A.
2 F is below S at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	right	1
1 W is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 N is on the top and W is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	right	1
1 G is below V at 7 o'clock.
2 Z is placed on the top of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 R and E are horizontal and R is to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	above	1
1 L is at S’s 9 o'clock.
2 B and S are both there with the object B above the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 H is placed at the lower right of C.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the top side to L.
2 Z is positioned below and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The object S and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 S is to the left of C horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	left	1
1 P is above and to the right of B.
2 B is above G at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 G and T are parallel, and G is on top of T.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 M is above H at 10 o'clock.
2 E is placed on the top of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is above R and to the left of R.
2 R is sitting at the upper left position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 H is above and to the left of R.
2 Q is above H with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Q is placed at the upper left of S.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting at the lower position to N.
2 N is directly above I.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	below	1
1 I is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 N is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 E is lower left to S.
2 F and S are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 B and N are side by side with B to the left and N to the right.
2 M presents lower right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Q is below and to the left of X.
2 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the lower left of Q.
2 E is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the right of E.
2 E is on the right side and below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 T is placed at the bottom of A.
2 A is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	above	1
1 H is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
2 H is on the top side to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 A is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 E is positioned right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	right	1
1 Z is sitting in the left direction of R.
2 Z is diagonally right and below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 A is below and to the right of X.
2 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of H.
2 E is positioned above K and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	left	1
1 P is positioned above and to the left of X.
2 P is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 Q is sitting in the right direction of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	above	1
1 T presents below W.
2 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 P is below S at 4 o'clock.
2 P is to the bottom-left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned right to S.
2 V is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
2 Object L is above object V and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 N is at O's 12 o'clock.
2 Q is on the right side and top of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	above	1
1 W is at C's 12 o'clock.
2 L and W are vertical and L is below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	above	1
1 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
2 B is over there and V is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	above	1
1 Z is positioned below U.
2 U is on the right and L is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	right	1
1 R is above F at 2 o'clock.
2 G is sitting at the upper right position to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
2 S is over there and H is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to L.
2 B is to the top-right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 W is below J and to the left of J.
2 H and J are parallel, and H on the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	above	1
1 R is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 V is on the upper right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	left	1
1 S is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 A is lower right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 M is above Z at 10 o'clock.
2 Z is diagonally to the upper right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	left	1
1 U is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 I is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 W is positioned below K and to the left.
2 U is sitting in the right direction of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 X and C are horizontal and X is to the right of C.
2 R is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	right	1
1 Q is positioned above A and to the right.
2 P and A are both there with the object P is to the right of object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 K is to the left of X horizontally.
2 If V is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 L is below M with a small gap between them.
2 M and K are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 T and E are parallel, and T is to the left of E.
2 E is above G at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned in the front right corner of T.
2 S and N are vertical and S is above N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 T is directly below X.
2 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 A and P are parallel, and A is over P.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	above	1
1 P and R are next to each other with P on the left and R on the right.
2 J and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
2 A is at F’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object labeled K is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
2 H and U are parallel, and H is on top of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
2 N is to the bottom-right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the top of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 B is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	right	1
1 T is at the bottom of R vertically.
2 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	below	1
1 I is on the left side and above K.
2 The object I is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower righthand corner.
2 V is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	below	1
1 A is to the top right of S.
2 A is over there and Y is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 C is diagonally right and below A.
2 The objects U and A are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 E is above M with a small gap between them.
2 Q is on the left side to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at the bottom and F is on the top.
2 L is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	right	1
1 S is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 C is above and to the left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the bottom-right of Q.
2 Q and T are both there with the object Q is to the right of object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 The object O is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
2 X is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	left	1
1 R is placed in the right direction of E.
2 E is directly north west of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	above	1
1 L is to the top of B vertically.
2 Y is positioned up and to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	below	1
1 T is diagonally right and above S.
2 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 L is over there and B is directly below it.
2 B and X are next to each other with X on the right and B on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the lower side of P.
2 P is to the top right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 A presents right to E.
2 E presents below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 R is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 R is sitting at the top position to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
2 E and A are parallel, and E is under A.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 G is above Z at 10 o'clock.
2 C is over there with G above.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	above	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
2 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	right	1
1 P is north east of O.
2 P is south west of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 B is at U’s 9 o'clock.
2 B is to the upper left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Object Y is above object T and to the left of it, too.
2 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	above	1
1 P is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
2 M is directly below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	below	1
1 N is on the top side to Y.
2 L is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the upper left of E.
2 J is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	right	1
1 I and X are parallel, and I is to the right of X.
2 M is directly north west of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	left	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
2 I is sitting at the lower right position to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is positioned directly above the object U.
2 Z is placed at the upper left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object P is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
2 Q is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the top of L vertically.
2 S is at T's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	above	1
1 F is to the bottom-right of G.
2 G is south west of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 F is below R at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 X is on the right side and below V.
2 M is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 I is directly south west of Y.
2 I is below S at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object X.
2 Q is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the top-left of B.
2 L is over there with B below.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 F is over there and Q is on the top of it.
2 T and Q are horizontal and T is to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	left	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
2 J is over there and F is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 F is on the right side and below V.
2 Q is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The objects Y and C are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned in the front right corner of H.
2 F is to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 J is on the left side and above N.
2 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 J is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 P is on the left side to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the left of B.
2 K presents lower right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The object B is positioned directly below the object S.
2 B is to the right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	left	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 H is above and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	below	1
1 A is to the top-left of W.
2 Y is directly below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the top of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 M and C are vertical and M is below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	below	1
1 L is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
2 Z is on the right and D is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	below	1
1 B is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 A presents upper right to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	above	1
1 Y and R are parallel, and Y is to the left of R.
2 The object R is positioned directly above the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 O is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the right and T is on the left.
2 V is sitting at the lower position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	right	1
1 L is positioned below Q and to the left.
2 L is diagonally right and below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 X is above Q and to the right of Q.
2 Q is over there with U below.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 G presents left to F.
2 P is sitting at the upper left position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	below	1
1 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	left	1
1 S is above and to the right of L.
2 M is at the bottom of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 H and T are horizontal and H is to the right of T.
2 H is below N with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
2 Z is on the left side of and below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 V is over Z.
2 V and R are both there with the object V is to the left of object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the upper left of T.
2 P is diagonally to the upper right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 O is to the left of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 K is diagonally right and above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	left	1
1 F is placed on the top of M.
2 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	below	1
1 P is on the lower left of W.
2 W is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, F is located between 7 and 8.
2 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	left	1
1 Z is over there and H is on the left.
2 H is on the right and B is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	left	1
1 V is on the right side to B.
2 V and U are parallel, and V is over U.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is below V and to the right of V.
2 U is placed at the bottom of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T is below and to the right of E.
2 T is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 O is above V.
2 O is to the top of F vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
2 S is directly below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	below	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
2 P is diagonally to the upper right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the bottom-right of L.
2 L is on the right side to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
2 F is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	left	1
1 N is sitting at the upper right position to U.
2 M is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Q is above E and to the left of E.
2 G is on the left side and above E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 W is on top of Z.
2 L is below W at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	left	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
2 U and I are horizontal and U is to the left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	left	1
1 K and H are side by side with H at the bottom and K on the top.
2 H is directly south east of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	right	1
1 W is below H at 7 o'clock.
2 F is diagonally to the upper right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the left of G horizontally.
2 X is diagonally to the upper left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	left	1
1 V is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 S is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 W is on the lower left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	below	1
1 I is on the right side and top of T.
2 T is on the left side and above J.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 Y is positioned below N and to the left.
2 Y is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	below	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
2 Z and L are parallel, and Z on the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 R is at X's 3 o'clock.
2 C is at the bottom of X vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	right	1
1 V is placed at the lower right of N.
2 J is to the bottom left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	right	1
1 Object H is below object O and to the left of it, too.
2 C is on the top of O and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	above	1
1 U is to the upper left of Z.
2 M is to the right of Z horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the upper left of Y.
2 B is placed on the top of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	below	1
1 F is above H at 2 o'clock.
2 F is on the top and D is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 K is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
2 S is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	left	1
1 W and E are both there with the object E below the object W.
2 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	below	1
1 N is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 G and H are side by side with G to the right and H to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 X is positioned below and to the right of P.
2 X is to the right of Q horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the upper left of J.
2 W is to the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	below	1
1 Z is to the right of B horizontally.
2 The objects Z and D are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 B and O are side by side with O at the bottom and B on the top.
2 B is upper right to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	above	1
1 D is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
2 Q is on the right side and below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the right of J.
2 T is below and to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 P and O are parallel, and P is to the right of O.
2 X is at the bottom of P vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	left	1
1 Z is south east of M.
2 Z is below and to the left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 V is positioned left to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	above	1
1 S is placed at the lower left of O.
2 H is sitting at the upper left position to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
2 E is positioned up and to the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the bottom-right of J.
2 The objects D and J are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	above	1
1 H is lower right of D.
2 N is upper left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Q is upper left of M.
2 Q is south east of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 G is above Q with a small gap between them.
2 Q is over there and L is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	below	1
1 Z is positioned down and to the left of T.
2 T is sitting in the right direction of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
2 S is sitting at the upper right position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
2 K is diagonally above L to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 E is positioned up and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
2 M is upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 Q is above A at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the right of Q.
2 Q is over there and Y is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	right	1
1 B is above and to the right of A.
2 G and A are in a horizontal line with A on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally right and below Z.
2 Z is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 B is above N and to the right of N.
2 I is over there and N is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 B and T are both there with the object B is to the left of object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	left	1
1 A is to the top-right of B.
2 Z is over B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	left	1
1 H is south west of I.
2 The object J is positioned directly above the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Y is directly north east of R.
2 Q is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	left	1
1 O is to the top-right of L.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	right	1
1 N and Q are both there with the object N above the object Q.
2 N is on top of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	above	1
1 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
2 R is positioned left to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 N is on the right side to A.
2 A and F are horizontal and A is to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to G.
2 G is positioned above and to the left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 I is at H’s 9 o'clock.
2 I is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	above	1
1 G is at C's 12 o'clock.
2 C is directly north east of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
2 H and G are vertical and H is below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	right	1
1 D is north west of P.
2 B is on the right side and below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the right of T horizontally.
2 V is placed at the lower right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 T and Y are both there with the object T above the object Y.
2 Y and V are both there with the object Y is to the left of object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 D is directly below M.
2 M and Z are in a vertical line with M on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	below	1
1 K is on the lower left of I.
2 K is diagonally to the bottom right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
2 The object O and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 J and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
2 C presents lower right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 R is on the left side and above H.
2 R is on the lower left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	above	1
1 H is below Y and to the right of Y.
2 If U is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	above	1
1 N is above and to the left of V.
2 C and V are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the bottom right of R.
2 U is sitting at the lower right position to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the upper left of F.
2 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
2 B and H are both there with the object H below the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	above	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W is on the right side and below L.
2 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned left to D.
2 S is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	right	1
1 V is over Q.
2 L presents right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	right	1
1 G presents over X.
2 B and G are side by side with B to the left and G to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	below	1
1 G is at C's 12 o'clock.
2 S is north east of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is placed at the upper left of P.
2 P is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Y and I are side by side with Y to the right and I to the left.
2 E is diagonally left and below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Q is to the right of E.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally right and above X.
2 F is over there and O is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there with J below.
2 The object J is upper and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 F is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 W is above F at 10 o'clock.
2 The object P is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the left of P horizontally.
2 The objects A and N are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	right	1
1 F is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over there and Z is on the top of it.
2 Y is on the left and S is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 N is positioned left to E.
2 E is positioned in the lower right corner of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	left	1
1 Z is over there and O is on the left of it.
2 Y is above Z and to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object L.
2 M is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 T is below M at 7 o'clock.
2 M and W are next to each other with M on the top and W at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	above	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled J.
2 S is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 T and B are parallel, and T on the right of B.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	below	1
1 U is to the left of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 T and U are next to each other with T on the top and U at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	above	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
2 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
2 M and F are horizontal and M is to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	right	1
1 D is to the top-left of H.
2 A is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the right of Q horizontally.
2 F and A are parallel, and F is to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	right	1
1 C is to the bottom left of V.
2 X is on the right side and below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 I and Q are horizontal and I is to the right of Q.
2 N is upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the right side and top of F.
2 D is above U and to the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	below	1
1 J is placed at the lower left of I.
2 H is placed at the lower right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the right side and below J.
2 B and J are parallel, and B is under J.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	right	1
1 J is sitting at the top position to N.
2 Q is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	above	1
1 I is positioned right to S.
2 G is to the bottom-right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	above	1
1 L and K are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
2 L is below P and to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally above U to the right at a 45 degree.
2 U is positioned down and to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 E and C are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
2 E is diagonally left and below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	above	1
1 Y is positioned above F and to the right.
2 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	left	1
1 V is below P at 7 o'clock.
2 A is to the top of V vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	above	1
1 A is at L's 6 o'clock.
2 L and U are vertical and L is below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	below	1
1 I is at O's 6 o'clock.
2 The objects J and I are over there. The object J is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	right	1
1 D is above H and to the left of H.
2 H is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
2 N and W are parallel, and W is below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	below	1
1 C is at the bottom and X is on the top.
2 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 K is below and to the right of C.
2 Object W is below object K and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 The object S and V are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object V.
2 I is below S and to the left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the upper right of F.
2 F is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 A presents below B.
2 B is positioned above Y and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the lower left of L.
2 T and Q are in a vertical line with T on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	above	1
1 S is positioned left to J.
2 J is to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	left	1
1 U is sitting in the right direction of I.
2 Object I is above object M and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	below	1
1 T is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 T is positioned in the lower right corner of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
2 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 J and K are both there with the object J above the object K.
2 G and K are vertical and G is below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	above	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
2 C and F are next to each other with F on the right and C on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	below	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of K.
2 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 Y is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Y is positioned above V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the left side of and below I.
2 V is diagonally below I to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	right	1
1 G is positioned in the front right corner of W.
2 Y is above W with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the lower right of F.
2 F is positioned above E and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 B is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 C is positioned in the top left corner of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 M is over there and K is on the left of it.
2 The object M is positioned directly above the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 E is positioned above and to the left of X.
2 X is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 C is below O at 7 o'clock.
2 Object R is below object O and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 I is on the lower right of A.
2 A and E are parallel, and A is over E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	below	1
1 Y is on the right and E is on the left.
2 H is south west of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 P is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
2 M is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
2 O is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	left	1
1 T is below K with a small gap between them.
2 J is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T and X are both there with the object T above the object X.
2 C is over there and X is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 P is on top of H.
2 E is placed at the lower left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the top right of J.
2 J is to the bottom-left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Z is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
2 L is positioned in the lower left corner of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 L is at the bottom of S.
2 U and S are in a vertical line with U on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	below	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 S is diagonally right and below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
2 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the bottom-left of L.
2 Object X is above object L and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly left to X.
2 The object W is positioned below and to the right of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 V is above E at 10 o'clock.
2 E and Z are parallel, and E on the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the top right of P.
2 P is to the left of E horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	below	1
1 O is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 D is on the lower left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
2 G is placed at the upper right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 S and A are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
2 The objects N and A are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R is at the bottom of J vertically.
2 F and R are vertical and F is below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	above	1
1 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
2 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	right	1
1 H is directly south west of Y.
2 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to G.
2 G is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	left	1
1 K is to the bottom right of O.
2 K is positioned below and to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 M and K are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
2 V is over there and M is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	right	1
1 S is at X's 12 o'clock.
2 P is positioned above S and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the bottom-right of L.
2 B is below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 R presents lower right to W.
2 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 S is sitting at the lower right position to V.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 S is on the left side to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	right	1
1 N is to the top-left of W.
2 N is below O at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 N is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	above	1
1 R is at the lower side of Q.
2 Q is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X is positioned above P and to the right.
2 M and P are parallel, and M is under P.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 F presents upper right to R.
2 F is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 I is lower right of X.
2 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	right	1
1 P is positioned below and to the right of Y.
2 L is positioned above Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 O is north west of D.
2 O is directly south west of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the upper left of V.
2 B is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 F and J are side by side with J at the bottom and F on the top.
2 W is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 The objects U and R are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 O is at U's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Y is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
2 Y is upper left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P and I are side by side with I at the bottom and P on the top.
2 J is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	above	1
1 L presents lower left to M.
2 L and X are side by side with L to the right and X to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 L is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face L.
2 M and N are horizontal and M is to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Z is placed in the right direction of H.
2 H is positioned down and to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned below S.
2 T is on the left side to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 I is below and to the right of R.
2 R and Z are parallel, and R is on top of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	below	1
1 X is directly south east of W.
2 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	right	1
1 J is over there and H is on the left.
2 J is on the right side to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	right	1
1 Z is over there and I is on the top of it.
2 Z is upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 U is at the bottom of O.
2 U and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	right	1
1 D and C are side by side with D to the left and C to the right.
2 D is positioned above and to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	left	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly above K.
2 T is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 P is diagonally right and above K.
2 L and P are parallel, and L is to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	below	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	below	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to R.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
2 F and R are parallel, and F is over R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Z and S are side by side with Z to the right and S to the left.
2 S is placed at the bottom of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	above	1
1 E is north east of J.
2 R is above and to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 V is upper right to Z.
2 V is on the lower right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	above	1
1 G is south west of N.
2 O is above N with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	above	1
1 K is above E at 10 o'clock.
2 A and K are vertical and A is below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	left	1
1 Q is placed at the lower left of E.
2 A is below Q and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	above	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
2 N is below and to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 G is positioned right to M.
2 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	right	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
2 R is positioned above P and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	left	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper right of R.
2 G is directly above J.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of S.
2 S is positioned above F and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 B and I are parallel, and B is to the right of I.
2 H is to the top-right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	right	1
1 H is south east of V.
2 P is over there and V is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	above	1
1 B is on top of I.
2 B is positioned left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	below	1
1 X is above K with a small gap between them.
2 Z is on the right side to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 D is on top of X.
2 M is to the top-left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting at the top position to C.
2 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Y is below and to the right of C.
2 V is to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the right of Y with a small gap between them.
2 P is at the bottom and M is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	above	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
2 Z is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there and E is on the right of it.
2 B is below U at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	right	1
1 C and I are both there with the object I below the object C.
2 C is sitting in the left direction of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
2 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
2 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	above	1
1 M is placed at the upper right of U.
2 H and U are parallel, and H on the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 N is placed at the upper left of A.
2 A and U are parallel, and A is to the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the lower right of D.
2 B is to the right of P horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 R is placed at the upper right of S.
2 B is at S's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 K is above Z and to the right of Z.
2 M is on the top and K is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
2 Z is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	above	1
1 X is on top of G.
2 M is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned in the top left corner of M.
2 L is above D.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The object D and A are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 D is on the right side to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 J is diagonally right and below L.
2 N is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed at the lower right of R.
2 R is to the upper left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 R is below W.
2 E presents below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 E is directly above Y.
2 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 I is positioned above J.
2 The object W and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 G is at L's 3 o'clock.
2 G is above O and to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
2 E is diagonally to the upper left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
2 E is north west of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	left	1
1 B presents upper right to V.
2 B is sitting at the 12:00 position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	above	1
1 W and O are parallel, and W is to the left of O.
2 K is to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	right	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
2 C is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 T is directly above D.
2 Y is to the right of T horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 U and X are parallel, and U on the right of X.
2 X is positioned in the front right corner of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	left	1
1 Y is positioned below A and to the left.
2 A and U are next to each other with A on the left and U on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
2 If U is the center of a clock face, T is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	right	1
1 I is over A.
2 I is above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	above	1
1 C is below O at 7 o'clock.
2 L is to the right of C with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 Z and P are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	left	1
1 X and R are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 Q is diagonally left and below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	right	1
1 S is on the left and W is on the right.
2 E is on the left and S is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	right	1
1 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
2 The object E is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Q and P are parallel, and Q is to the left of P.
2 Q and J are in a horizontal line with J on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
2 F is placed at the upper right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 K is over there and A is directly below it.
2 K is lower right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object H and B are there. The object H is below and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 H and J are parallel, and H is to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	left	1
1 D is above and to the right of B.
2 T is over there and B is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	above	1
1 E is south east of Q.
2 M is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	right	1
1 I is diagonally above H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 F is above and to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 I and R are horizontal and I is to the right of R.
2 R is over there and V is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 F is at V's 3 o'clock.
2 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 K is above and to the right of S.
2 K and D are next to each other with D on the right and K on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 G and Z are both there with the object G is to the left of object Z.
2 R and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 N is diagonally left and below Y.
2 Y is directly south west of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower left position to T.
2 H and T are parallel, and H is on top of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 B is positioned above O.
2 O and T are both there with the object O above the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	below	1
1 G is on the lower right of W.
2 Object A is above object G and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	below	1
1 F presents lower left to S.
2 The object S is positioned directly above the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	above	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, F is located between 2 and 3.
2 U is above Y with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	left	1
1 E and T are parallel, and E is under T.
2 K is above T and to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the right of Y.
2 J is positioned in the front right corner of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Object F is below object A and to the right of it, too.
2 X presents upper right to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	left	1
1 U is at R's 3 o'clock.
2 G is directly north east of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 B is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
2 R is sitting in the left direction of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	right	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
2 E is north east of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed at the lower right of I.
2 A is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 K is below I with a small gap between them.
2 The objects F and K are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 L and J are both there with the object L is to the left of object J.
2 L is on the right side and top of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 G and A are next to each other with G on the top and A at the bottom.
2 Q and G are side by side with Q to the left and G to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	left	1
1 H is diagonally right and below C.
2 M is placed in the right direction of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 7 and 8.
2 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	left	1
1 G is above and to the left of C.
2 O is positioned above G and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the right and D is on the left.
2 B is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
2 G is below Y and to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 E and G are parallel, and E on the right of G.
2 G and B are side by side with G to the right and B to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	right	1
1 K is to the right of U horizontally.
2 U is at O's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	left	1
1 M is placed at the lower right of X.
2 M is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 E is placed at the lower right of D.
2 M and E are vertical and M is below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	above	1
1 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
2 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	right	1
1 F is at the lower side of H.
2 E is to the right of F horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned up and to the right of I.
2 I is to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	right	1
1 O is at the bottom of A.
2 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned in the top left corner of Y.
2 G is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	left	1
1 K is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 W is to the top of K vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	below	1
1 E is on the left side to K.
2 E is above and to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	right	1
1 T is positioned below M and to the left.
2 G is directly south east of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 I is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
2 The object U and I are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the top-right of N.
2 G is sitting at the upper right position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 O and L are parallel, and O on the right of L.
2 Object L is below object J and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	left	1
1 D is positioned above Q.
2 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	below	1
1 If K is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
2 K is directly south west of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
2 S is directly above K.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Q is south east of Y.
2 T is lower right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 P is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 P is to the bottom right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 C and J are both there with the object C is to the right of object J.
2 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
2 M is over there with D below.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 P is below W at 4 o'clock.
2 A is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the upper left of M.
2 M is above J.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 L presents right to K.
2 E is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	left	1
1 G and B are horizontal and G is to the left of B.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 N is at the bottom of T vertically.
2 T is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the left side of and below Q.
2 The objects P and T are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 X is on top of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Z is south west of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the left side of and below D.
2 J and B are horizontal and J is to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	below	1
1 N is sitting at the 12:00 position to C.
2 C is on the lower right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 X is to the top of F vertically.
2 X and V are both there with the object X above the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 L is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 E and S are both there with the object E above the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	right	1
1 B and A are horizontal and B is to the left of A.
2 The objects A and F are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 F and X are parallel, and F on the left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	right	1
1 W is diagonally right and below M.
2 N is sitting at the top position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned down and to the left of P.
2 P is positioned in the lower left corner of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 W is sitting at the 3:00 position to B.
2 W is directly south east of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	below	1
1 T is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
2 T is to the bottom right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	left	1
1 E is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 S and I are parallel, and S on the left of I.
2 Y is to the top of I vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	above	1
1 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
2 K and Y are side by side with K to the left and Y to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	right	1
1 Y is placed on the top of N.
2 Y is on the left side to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 W is positioned in the front right corner of I.
2 W and L are side by side with W on the top and L at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	above	1
1 N and F are side by side with N to the left and F to the right.
2 N presents upper left to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object N.
2 F is over there and U is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 H and S are next to each other with H on the top and S at the bottom.
2 X is to the right of H horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	above	1
1 X is north west of C.
2 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 F is south west of P.
2 P is to the bottom-left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the right and I is on the left.
2 Y and I are in a vertical line with Y on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 H is south west of V.
2 Z is on the top and H is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
2 J is diagonally right and above W.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 L and D are parallel, and L on the left of D.
2 L and K are both there with the object L above the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 W is there and X is at the 2 position of a clock face W.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 N is over there and P is on the right.
2 N is at the bottom of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 X is above O at 2 o'clock.
2 Object X is below object H and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 P is at L's 6 o'clock.
2 A is below P and to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
2 L is sitting in the right direction of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 I is to the upper left of X.
2 I and K are side by side with I to the left and K to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	left	1
1 Y is placed on the top of E.
2 Y is on the right side to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 I presents right to U.
2 Y is over there and U is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, U is located between 7 and 8.
2 U is positioned down and to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 D is south east of I.
2 C is above I at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 C is sitting at the lower position to M.
2 Q is sitting at the lower position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	above	1
1 Z is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 Z is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	right	1
1 G and J are next to each other with G on the top and J at the bottom.
2 D is directly north east of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	above	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to E.
2 E is below L and to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the bottom-right of E.
2 E is to the bottom-left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	below	1
1 V is positioned below X and to the right.
2 S is positioned in the top left corner of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 J presents right to P.
2 P is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 P is positioned in the front right corner of I.
2 Y is to the upper left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 R is at H’s 9 o'clock.
2 U is sitting at the top position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
2 A is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the left of J.
2 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 G and U are vertical and G is above U.
2 U is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 M is south east of K.
2 K is placed on the top of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 G is to the left of E.
2 H is above G with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	left	1
1 R is below K.
2 H and R are parallel, and H is on top of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 X and D are vertical and X is below D.
2 F is on the right and D is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	right	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 T is over there and S is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 A is diagonally right and below V.
2 A and R are side by side with A to the left and R to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned above J and to the left.
2 O is sitting at the upper right position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 L is placed at the upper right of W.
2 L is on the right side and top of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the right of E horizontally.
2 L and U are vertical and L is above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	left	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object I.
2 X is placed on the top of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	above	1
1 X is directly below M.
2 K and X are horizontal and K is to the left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
2 J is at the lower side of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	above	1
1 Z is directly south east of C.
2 C is placed at the bottom of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 L is over B.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 F is below Y and to the left of Y.
2 S is at Y's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	below	1
1 F is over there and K is on the top of it.
2 V is over there with F above.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	below	1
1 E is above G at 2 o'clock.
2 G is on the right side to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	left	1
1 T is to the left of V.
2 Z is over there and T is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	right	1
1 N is over there and O is on the left.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	below	1
1 P is lower left to D.
2 I is directly north west of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 V is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 B is to the right of O with a small gap between them.
2 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 D is diagonally below Y to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 B is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	left	1
1 S is to the bottom-right of M.
2 S is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	right	1
1 J is on the left side and above U.
2 J is directly below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	below	1
1 K is positioned above Q.
2 Q is positioned below L and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	left	1
1 A is on the top side to K.
2 N is at K's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 C and S are parallel, and C on the right of S.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	right	1
1 P is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 P is below R and to the right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Z.
2 B is to the top-right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 H is lower left to C.
2 F is placed at the bottom of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned down and to the left of F.
2 Y is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Object V is below object T and to the left of it, too.
2 J is positioned above V and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 M is directly south west of Y.
2 L is to the bottom left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the bottom right of U.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the left of W.
2 P is to the upper left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	right	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of N.
2 F presents lower left to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Q and F are parallel, and Q is under F.
2 P presents right to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	left	1
1 B is on the left side of and below O.
2 O is at K's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	left	1
1 O is south east of M.
2 O is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the lower left of X.
2 T is to the top of X vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 L and W are side by side with W at the bottom and L on the top.
2 N and L are side by side with N to the right and L to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	above	1
1 E is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 V and I are next to each other with I at the bottom V on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned above R.
2 Q is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Y is placed in the left direction of G.
2 Y is upper right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	right	1
1 C is to the bottom left of R.
2 B is over R.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the left of N horizontally.
2 Q presents below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	left	1
1 B is directly north west of F.
2 B is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	left	1
1 I and H are side by side with H at the bottom and I on the top.
2 M is upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	below	1
1 A and J are parallel, and J is below A.
2 S and J are parallel, and S is under J.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	above	1
1 A and U are parallel, and A is over U.
2 A is sitting in the right direction of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	above	1
1 T is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
2 P is positioned up and to the right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned down and to the left of C.
2 X is on the same horizontal plane directly left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to Z.
2 P and H are parallel, and P is to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the left side of and below J.
2 The object F and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the bottom-left of H.
2 Y is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the left side of and below H.
2 A and M are next to each other with A on the top and M at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	above	1
1 The objects G and Q are over there. The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 Q is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
2 U is upper left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	left	1
1 H is positioned above V and to the right.
2 X is above and to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 U is sitting at the upper right position to M.
2 U is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	right	1
1 G and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and G on the top.
2 Z is above Y and to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned below K.
2 K is on the top and E is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
2 The object I is positioned directly below the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 W is placed at the lower right of O.
2 Object L is above object W and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 Object E is below object G and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the left of F horizontally.
2 O and F are parallel, and O is to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 J is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 U presents right to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	below	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 H is sitting at the lower left position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 D is directly north west of A.
2 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	above	1
1 O is below W with a small gap between them.
2 Object R is below object O and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	above	1
1 Q is directly south west of W.
2 Z is on the left side and above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 T is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 G is over there and D is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	left	1
1 I is sitting at the upper left position to E.
2 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 H and K are in a vertical line with H on top.
2 S is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	below	1
1 V presents over S.
2 V is on the right side and top of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower left position to D.
2 Object D is below object F and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	above	1
1 V is diagonally to the bottom left of W.
2 Object W is below object B and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I and Q are parallel, and I on the left of Q.
2 L and Q are both there with the object L is to the right of object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 E is to the upper left of X.
2 K is positioned right to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 R and F are next to each other with F on the right and R on the left.
2 F is placed on the top of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	left	1
1 B is directly above W.
2 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	above	1
1 R is at I's 6 o'clock.
2 W is to the left of I horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 F and Z are parallel, and F on the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	right	1
1 Object F is below object H and to the left of it, too.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper right of D.
2 X and D are parallel, and X is on top of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	below	1
1 V is placed at the lower right of Q.
2 P is on the right side to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	left	1
1 V is above T.
2 V is sitting at the lower right position to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 F is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 B is at U's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	left	1
1 N and T are next to each other with N on the top and T at the bottom.
2 W and N are in a vertical line with W on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	below	1
1 R is there and V is at the 2 position of a clock face R.
2 G is to the right of V with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	left	1
1 V is over there and B is at the bottom of it.
2 The objects B and P are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	below	1
1 Q is there and D is at the 2 position of a clock face Q.
2 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 Z is positioned below S.
2 Z is to the upper left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
2 Z is over there and I is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	left	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
2 L is directly south west of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the right of U.
2 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally left and below Z.
2 Z is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at V’s 9 o'clock.
2 O is positioned in the lower left corner of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	above	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, N is located between 7 and 8.
2 L is positioned up and to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 P is on the lower left of I.
2 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	below	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
2 Q is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 X presents right to M.
2 M is upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	right	1
1 J is on top of S.
2 S is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	below	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 J is directly south west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	right	1
1 T is positioned down and to the left of Y.
2 T presents lower left to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 R is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 L is to the upper left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 K and M are vertical and K is above M.
2 M is on top of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	below	1
1 K is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	right	1
1 P and A are horizontal and P is to the left of A.
2 M is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
2 S presents left to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	left	1
1 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
2 X is sitting at the lower position to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	left	1
1 O is positioned below and to the right of C.
2 C is at D's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object S and X are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 S is above R and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the lower right of Z.
2 C is positioned in the front right corner of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 L is below G at 4 o'clock.
2 F is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, K is located between 4 and 5.
2 K and N are parallel, and K is on top of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	above	1
1 B is positioned above R and to the right.
2 J is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Object D is above object R and to the left of it, too.
2 The object E is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	left	1
1 E and A are both there with the object E is to the left of object A.
2 E is at the 9 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	right	1
1 T is diagonally above P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 V is placed at the upper right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	right	1
1 J is positioned in the front right corner of D.
2 D is placed at the lower left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 J and Y are parallel, and J is on top of Y.
2 J and H are side by side with J to the left and H to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 A is placed at the upper right of H.
2 The object H is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	below	1
1 G is on the left side of and below J.
2 G is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 A is at J's 3 o'clock.
2 V is placed on the top of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 U and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
2 N is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object F is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 J is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the right of G with a small gap between them.
2 D and A are next to each other with A at the bottom D on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	below	1
1 I is above and to the right of O.
2 G is on the right and I is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 X and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
2 X is on the right and B is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	right	1
1 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 Object G is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the top-left of C.
2 S and N are both there with the object S above the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 L is positioned in the top left corner of B.
2 B is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	left	1
1 T is below Z at 4 o'clock.
2 P and T are horizontal and P is to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	above	1
1 I is below Q with a small gap between them.
2 S is below and to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 K is to the bottom left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
2 P is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 L and T are parallel, and L is under T.
2 T is placed at the upper left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	left	1
1 X and F are next to each other with X on the left and F on the right.
2 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	right	1
1 H is sitting in the left direction of J.
2 X is directly below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the right of R horizontally.
2 F is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Z is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 I is diagonally left and below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 O is placed at the upper left of Z.
2 The object Z is positioned directly below the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	above	1
1 S is positioned below R and to the right.
2 R is below I with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom left of A.
2 K and A are both there with the object K is to the right of object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the top-right of K.
2 S is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over S.
2 S is placed on the top of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	below	1
1 K and M are side by side with K to the left and M to the right.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	above	1
1 L is sitting at the top position to R.
2 L is below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	above	1
1 S is below W and to the left of W.
2 S is to the bottom-right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 M and O are parallel, and O is below M.
2 M is to the left of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 V is below B and to the right of B.
2 B and F are in a vertical line with F below B.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 E is above Z with a small gap between them.
2 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	right	1
1 Q is placed on the top of J.
2 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	right	1
1 L is diagonally right and above S.
2 I and S are parallel, and I is on top of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 T and J are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
2 J is sitting in the left direction of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 X is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 F is placed at the upper right of X.
2 X is positioned above and to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the right side and top of L.
2 Object H is above object L and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J is over there and I is on the right of it.
2 Z and I are parallel, and Z is to the left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 Z is over there and F is on the left.
2 H and Z are vertical and H is below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 P is to the left of E and below E at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 M is over there with E above.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	left	1
1 C presents lower left to Y.
2 I is at C's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	right	1
1 F is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 I is directly north west of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the right and G is on the left.
2 G is over there and Q is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	right	1
1 O is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	left	1
1 D is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
2 Q is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 O and D are next to each other with D at the bottom O on the top.
2 B is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	right	1
1 L is over there and N is on the right.
2 N is over there and O is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 D is upper left of N.
2 R is to the left of N horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	above	1
1 H and E are both there with the object H above the object E.
2 H is sitting in the right direction of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 A is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at the lower side of D.
2 Z is on the top of K and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	above	1
1 R is over there and G is on the left of it.
2 N is at G's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 A and B are parallel, and A on the left of B.
2 A is on the same horizontal plane directly right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	right	1
1 I and Z are parallel, and I is under Z.
2 P is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	above	1
1 G is at I's 6 o'clock.
2 B presents lower right to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
2 C is on the top and M is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	above	1
1 K is positioned left to G.
2 G is sitting at the lower position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned below I and to the right.
2 I is sitting at the upper left position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is at the bottom of H.
2 N presents right to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	below	1
1 X presents lower left to P.
2 P is placed at the bottom of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
2 J is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	left	1
1 S is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 M is over there and B is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	right	1
1 G is diagonally left and above G.
2 X is diagonally above G to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the left side and above R.
2 A is positioned above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, B is located between 7 and 8.
2 X is over there and Y is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	above	1
1 C and R are next to each other with C on the left and R on the right.
2 P is below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the left of B.
2 K and N are parallel, and K on the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 W is at X's 6 o'clock.
2 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	below	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 Q is diagonally to the upper right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 O and U are horizontal and O is to the right of U.
2 O and L are horizontal and O is to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	right	1
1 N is on the right side and below P.
2 I is south west of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 R is placed at the upper left of S.
2 Q and R are in a vertical line with R below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper right of X.
2 The object H and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 A and Z are parallel, and A on the right of Z.
2 K is to the top right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is sitting at the upper left position to I.
2 I is placed at the upper left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 Q is on the left side to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Y is directly north east of R.
2 V is on the lower left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 O and Z are parallel, and O is to the left of Z.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 J and F are side by side with J to the right and F to the left.
2 J is to the bottom-left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 L and U are vertical and L is above U.
2 O is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting in the left direction of Q.
2 S and Q are parallel, and S is to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 Object H is above object V and to the left of it, too.
2 V is diagonally right and above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	above	1
1 E is south east of R.
2 R is over there and K is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 T and O are side by side with O at the bottom and T on the top.
2 The object R is positioned directly above the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	above	1
1 The object U is positioned directly above the object N.
2 N and M are parallel, and N is over M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	below	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, A is located between 10 and 11.
2 B is over there and A is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 I and R are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
2 I is at D’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	left	1
1 N is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 N is on the right side and below B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object S.
2 R is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 C is diagonally above F to the right at a 45 degree.
2 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 L is south east of T.
2 L is below and to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	right	1
1 D is placed at the lower left of Z.
2 D presents over W.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	above	1
1 Y and I are parallel, and Y is to the right of I.
2 C is sitting at the lower position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	left	1
1 F is positioned above I.
2 W presents left to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	left	1
1 K is there and A is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 A is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 K is sitting in the left direction of F.
2 F is under H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	above	1
1 E is on the left side to Y.
2 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	left	1
1 H is at the lower side of L.
2 N is north west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
2 Q is to the top of A vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 E and R are next to each other with E on the top and R at the bottom.
2 I and E are side by side with I on the top and E at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	above	1
1 W and H are both there with the object W is to the left of object H.
2 M is at W's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	above	1
1 A is to the top-right of X.
2 I is placed at the upper right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 X is below and to the left of A.
2 F is sitting at the upper right position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, L is located between 10 and 11.
2 J is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	above	1
1 A is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 N is on the top side to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	above	1
1 G is to the top-left of F.
2 N is placed in the right direction of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	above	1
1 Y is positioned above Q.
2 Q and L are parallel, and Q on the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	above	1
1 A and W are parallel, and A is to the right of W.
2 F is positioned below and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the top side to U.
2 Object F is above object H and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	right	1
1 Object P is below object G and to the left of it, too.
2 X is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 Y is positioned above E and to the right.
2 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	below	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
2 A and S are next to each other with S on the right and A on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
2 A is positioned below G and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
2 J is directly south west of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	left	1
1 A is placed at the lower right of J.
2 J is diagonally left and below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the top right of T.
2 F is on the right side and below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	above	1
1 Q and W are parallel, and Q on the right of W.
2 W is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 H is positioned up and to the right of J.
2 J is diagonally above C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	above	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to D.
2 L and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	above	1
1 D is positioned up and to the right of S.
2 L is above and to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 N is over there and O is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	right	1
1 M is positioned right to X.
2 M is above E at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 J is to the top of M vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 X is diagonally right and below G.
2 U is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 V and K are side by side with K at the bottom and V on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	right	1
1 C and G are vertical and C is below G.
2 C and F are side by side with C to the right and F to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Y is positioned above Q.
2 H is at the lower side of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Object Y is below object C and to the right of it, too.
2 C is on the right side to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned below Z and to the left.
2 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 E is over T.
2 E is positioned above and to the left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	below	1
1 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
2 T is over there and Q is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	left	1
1 X and U are side by side with X to the left and U to the right.
2 A is placed at the bottom of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the top and K is at the bottom.
2 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	left	1
1 Q is to the left of G with a small gap between them.
2 G is on top of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	left	1
1 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
2 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	right	1
1 G is above Z and to the left of Z.
2 Y is on top of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 V is directly south west of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the top of T vertically.
2 The object N and M are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 W is above V with a small gap between them.
2 V is on the top side to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	below	1
1 W is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
2 W is sitting in the left direction of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 L is below F.
2 F is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the left of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Q is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 Q is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Q is over there with K above.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Q is over there and N is directly above it.
2 N presents lower right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	below	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 F is placed in the left direction of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	left	1
1 F is positioned in the front right corner of E.
2 F is placed at the lower left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the left of M horizontally.
2 M is positioned right to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	right	1
1 N and I are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
2 I is over there with R above.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	right	1
1 A is directly south west of N.
2 C is diagonally below N to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper left of W.
2 A is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 E is on the top side to R.
2 R is to the bottom-left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the lower right of V.
2 K is above and to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 M is at K's 3 o'clock.
2 K is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 K is diagonally right and below L.
2 K is positioned up and to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	below	1
1 V and D are parallel, and D is below V.
2 O is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 W and J are next to each other with J on the right and W on the left.
2 J is below O and to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned above and to the left of E.
2 W is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	above	1
1 B is sitting at the top position to F.
2 F is at the bottom of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
2 W is on the left side of and below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
2 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 O and D are horizontal and O is to the right of D.
2 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 O is directly above F.
2 N and F are parallel, and N is on top of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 M is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 B is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
2 R is sitting at the lower left position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Q is above and to the left of O.
2 O is below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	below	1
1 G is positioned below U and to the left.
2 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 J is under X.
2 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 Z is lower left to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
2 H is north east of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 C is above and to the left of V.
2 V is at J’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 E is at the bottom of M vertically.
2 M is sitting in the left direction of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	left	1
1 S is above G and to the right of G.
2 D is on the left side and above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Z and G are in a horizontal line with Z on the left.
2 K is to the top of Z vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	right	1
1 A is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 J is diagonally to the upper right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 I is placed in the left direction of Q.
2 I is diagonally to the upper right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 T is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Z is sitting at the upper left position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
2 K is on the right and Y is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the right of J.
2 J is over there with N above.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	right	1
1 C and J are parallel, and C is to the left of J.
2 Q is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 T and U are both there with the object U below the object T.
2 U is placed on the top of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	below	1
1 D is at the lower side of G.
2 C is sitting at the lower left position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	above	1
1 Object T is below object P and to the left of it, too.
2 Z and P are side by side with Z to the right and P to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	right	1
1 V is below Z with a small gap between them.
2 V is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 V is on the lower left of L.
2 X is positioned in the front right corner of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the right of A.
2 The object A is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 X is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 N is over there and G is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to B.
2 J and U are horizontal and J is to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 L is on the top and O is at the bottom.
2 H is placed in the left direction of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to T, in the upper righthand corner.
2 T is sitting in the left direction of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
2 I and N are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 N is placed in the left direction of H.
2 N is on the upper right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	left	1
1 T is below and to the left of F.
2 T is directly above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
2 A is placed on the top of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	below	1
1 L is positioned below I and to the left.
2 I is directly north east of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Y is placed at the lower left of S.
2 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	right	1
1 W is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 If W is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	right	1
1 E and X are next to each other with E on the left and X on the right.
2 E and M are next to each other with M at the bottom E on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
2 D is on the right side and below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 W and I are parallel, and W is on top of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned left to P.
2 F is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	left	1
1 The object N is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 D is sitting in the right direction of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 O is diagonally below E to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 If A is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 B and T are next to each other with B on the top and T at the bottom.
2 T is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	above	1
1 W and O are in a vertical line with W on top.
2 The object W is positioned directly above the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	below	1
1 W and O are parallel, and W is on top of O.
2 O is over M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	below	1
1 A and W are both there with the object A is to the left of object W.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	right	1
1 Y is positioned above E and to the right.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	below	1
1 L is below F.
2 L and C are next to each other with L on the top and C at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	above	1
1 T is to the left of L horizontally.
2 O is positioned above T and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 O is there and V is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned below N and to the left.
2 N is diagonally left and below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 T and L are next to each other with T on the top and L at the bottom.
2 T is on the left side to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	left	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper right of U.
2 The object E is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 U and B are next to each other with B at the bottom U on the top.
2 U is lower left to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the left side and above D.
2 C is below D at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the left and M is on the right.
2 M is at Q's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	above	1
1 L presents below M.
2 M and W are side by side with M to the right and W to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	above	1
1 H is on the right side to B.
2 R is over B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	below	1
1 J is sitting at the lower left position to T.
2 Q is over there and J is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	right	1
1 N is directly below P.
2 P is diagonally right and above E.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	below	1
1 E is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object labeled E is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned in the top left corner of D.
2 D is over there and T is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 B and H are parallel, and B is to the right of H.
2 B is to the left of J horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the lower right position to W.
2 W is to the top-right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	left	1
1 J is upper left of E.
2 N is at J's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper left of U.
2 B is on the right side to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	left	1
1 F and L are next to each other with L on the right and F on the left.
2 W is placed at the upper right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 F is south west of E.
2 J is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 F is at the lower side of S.
2 W is on the right side and top of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	left	1
1 C and E are side by side with C to the right and E to the left.
2 M and C are side by side with C at the bottom and M on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 H is positioned below W and to the right.
2 F is over there and W is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 X and K are parallel, and X is to the left of K.
2 X is over there with N above.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	above	1
1 T is sitting at the upper left position to Z.
2 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Y is to the left of K.
2 Object Y is above object M and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Q and X are horizontal and Q is to the right of X.
2 B is above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is to the bottom left of T.
2 T is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 F is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 F is over there and R is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	above	1
1 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
2 Y is sitting in the right direction of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	right	1
1 I is on the right and H is on the left.
2 I is placed in the right direction of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 S presents left to M.
2 M is directly below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	above	1
1 B is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 B presents lower left to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	left	1
1 J is on the left and H is on the right.
2 G is positioned up and to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned below A and to the left.
2 L is positioned below and to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 The objects B and L are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the left side and above X.
2 K and X are in a vertical line with K on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	above	1
1 J is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Y and C are parallel, and Y is on top of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	right	1
1 H is positioned below and to the right of E.
2 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	right	1
1 V is there and D is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 V is sitting at the top position to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	left	1
1 V is to the left of Z horizontally.
2 Q is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	left	1
1 L is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled F.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 H is positioned in the top left corner of G.
2 The object G is positioned below and to the right of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the right side and top of X.
2 X is to the top-left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	above	1
1 A is placed on the top of M.
2 A and W are in a horizontal line with W on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Y is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 W is lower right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	right	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly right to H.
2 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	right	1
1 The object K and P are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 P is lower right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 G is at the bottom and X is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 N and O are parallel, and N on the left of O.
2 N is over there with E below.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	below	1
1 M is to the upper left of N.
2 N is positioned up and to the right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	below	1
1 I is sitting at the lower right position to E.
2 I is positioned above C and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 D is on top of J.
2 D is at the bottom of L vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	above	1
1 A presents left to Z.
2 A and I are next to each other with I at the bottom A on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	left	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of L.
2 Y is placed at the upper right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the upper left of Y.
2 Y is to the right of V horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 W is positioned above and to the left of V.
2 V is positioned left to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	right	1
1 Object V is below object R and to the left of it, too.
2 V is on the lower right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 L and N are next to each other with N on the right and L on the left.
2 T presents lower right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N is directly below G.
2 The object Z and G are there. The object Z is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 E is positioned below Z and to the right.
2 M is directly south west of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	above	1
1 O and J are next to each other with O on the top and J at the bottom.
2 M is positioned in the lower left corner of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	above	1
1 B and A are side by side with B to the left and A to the right.
2 A is on the upper right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the bottom-left of A.
2 A is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	left	1
1 U is to the top-right of N.
2 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 V and H are in a vertical line with V on top.
2 V and S are both there with the object V is to the right of object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 M is directly below R.
2 E is diagonally to the upper right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	right	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper right of S.
2 I is positioned up and to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 R is over there and S is on the right.
2 R is positioned below G and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting at the upper left position to E.
2 A is lower right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 N is diagonally left and below M.
2 Z is on the right and N is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 N is below A with a small gap between them.
2 A is on the left side and above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	below	1
1 O is over there and W is directly below it.
2 T is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	above	1
1 F is positioned above G.
2 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	above	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
2 Object G is above object I and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	left	1
1 H is sitting at the top position to U.
2 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	below	1
1 P is to the right of A horizontally.
2 H is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 H is at K's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
2 G is on the right side and below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
2 The objects L and R are over there. The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 N and I are both there with the object N is to the left of object I.
2 N is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 V and N are horizontal and V is to the right of N.
2 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	below	1
1 E and F are parallel, and E is to the right of F.
2 F is to the bottom right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the right of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 E is to the left of Q horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 M is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
2 R is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 X is below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	left	1
1 Object W is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 B is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the upper left of S.
2 M is over there and X is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Y is above F with a small gap between them.
2 F is above and to the right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 N is above and to the left of G.
2 N is on the top and T is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Y presents over R.
2 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 G presents over Z.
2 X and G are in a vertical line with X on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	above	1
1 R is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 E is sitting at the lower left position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper left of Q.
2 B is on the lower left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
2 F is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	right	1
1 T and G are side by side with G at the bottom and T on the top.
2 X and G are side by side with G at the bottom and X on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	above	1
1 Q is over X.
2 Y is sitting at the lower position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	above	1
1 J is positioned left to G.
2 N is sitting at the top position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 G and E are next to each other with E on the right and G on the left.
2 G is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the right of V and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 N and S are vertical and N is below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 T is on the top and C is at the bottom.
2 T is below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	below	1
1 M is to the top right of C.
2 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	above	1
1 C and Q are side by side with C to the right and Q to the left.
2 X presents left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 N is under F.
2 O is on the lower right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	above	1
1 C is below and to the left of D.
2 C is positioned below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 L and Q are parallel, and L on the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned below L and to the right.
2 L is to the right of O horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the left of O.
2 A is positioned above D and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	right	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Z is sitting at the lower position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	below	1
1 H is placed at the lower left of U.
2 H is below W and to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 C and Q are next to each other with C on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 Q is at B's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	above	1
1 The objects K and L are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 K is to the bottom-left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 S is upper right to Y.
2 Y is directly north east of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 G is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 G is over there and P is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	below	1
1 D is sitting at the lower right position to P.
2 If P is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 U is below H at 4 o'clock.
2 T is at U's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is on top of F.
2 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	above	1
1 V and T are next to each other with T on the right and V on the left.
2 L is at V's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	right	1
1 H and Q are parallel, and H on the left of Q.
2 R is over there and Q is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	right	1
1 M is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 M is diagonally below U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object A and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 L is sitting at the lower left position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the bottom left of D.
2 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 G is above M and to the left of M.
2 T is directly below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K is below T.
2 D is south west of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 V is above and to the left of S.
2 F is on the right and S is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
2 Q is at the bottom of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Object Z is below object N and to the left of it, too.
2 P is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 X is to the bottom left of W.
2 P is above W and to the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 M and C are next to each other with C on the right and M on the left.
2 Q is lower left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	right	1
1 M is to the bottom left of S.
2 B is above S at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	above	1
1 K is at the lower side of T.
2 K is at the bottom of Q vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 Y is positioned below and to the right of H.
2 P is positioned right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 M is above V at 10 o'clock.
2 D presents left to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned below A and to the left.
2 A is on top of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 R is on the right side and below M.
2 W is at R's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	right	1
1 B is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
2 B is positioned below and to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E is upper right to K.
2 K is on the left and Z is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	left	1
1 W is to the left of C with a small gap between them.
2 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 C is at the bottom of K vertically.
2 D is above K at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the bottom left of G.
2 Y and A are parallel, and Y is under A.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 X is below A and to the left of A.
2 A is directly south west of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 N is directly north west of L.
2 L is to the bottom left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Object V is below object N and to the left of it, too.
2 W is on the right and N is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
2 M is to the bottom right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	left	1
1 The objects M and T are over there. The object M is above and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 X is below and to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 I is at O’s 9 o'clock.
2 L is below and to the left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the upper right of G.
2 H and F are next to each other with H on the left and F on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	right	1
1 M is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
2 C is directly north east of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 S and D are side by side with S to the right and D to the left.
2 R and D are in a vertical line with R on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
2 J is directly north east of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 T is directly below M.
2 L is over there and M is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	right	1
1 W is at the bottom of X.
2 E is on the left side and above W.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	above	1
1 L is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	above	1
1 E and K are parallel, and E is to the right of K.
2 K presents upper left to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	right	1
1 S is at the bottom of H.
2 D is on the left and H is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned right to W.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object C is positioned directly below the object N.
2 K is above and to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 J and C are both there with the object J is to the left of object C.
2 C is positioned above and to the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	left	1
1 O is positioned left to Q.
2 O is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	left	1
1 J is at X's 6 o'clock.
2 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	below	1
1 T is on the right side and below S.
2 R is directly north east of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 D is above N with a small gap between them.
2 N and J are parallel, and N is to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	below	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
2 D is at J’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
2 P and X are next to each other with X on the right and P on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 The object C and T are there. The object T is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 T is below I at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 O is at the lower side of D.
2 O is positioned left to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	left	1
1 V and M are side by side with V on the top and M at the bottom.
2 D and V are both there with the object D is to the right of object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
2 J is placed in the left direction of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	right	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 T is over there and Q is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 V is above G at 10 o'clock.
2 G is to the bottom-left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 D is sitting at the lower right position to X.
2 P is sitting at the lower position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 A is directly south east of M.
2 Z is there and M is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
2 S is on the upper right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned below N and to the right.
2 V is on the left side to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	left	1
1 T and W are side by side with T to the left and W to the right.
2 T is over J.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the left of the object labeled Q.
2 Q is sitting at the top position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 T and G are horizontal and T is to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Y is below D at 4 o'clock.
2 R is sitting in the right direction of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
2 X is positioned below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 D and G are parallel, and D is to the right of G.
2 D is on the left side and above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 X and M are in a vertical line with M below X.
2 M is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 F is over there and B is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 O is slightly off center to the top left and B is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Q and V are both there with the object Q above the object V.
2 D is to the bottom left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the upper left of O.
2 Z presents upper right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on top of A.
2 Z is positioned left to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	left	1
1 F presents below P.
2 F is diagonally left and above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 I is below H with a small gap between them.
2 Z is to the bottom right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	left	1
1 N is above F.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 E is on the right and I is on the left.
2 K and I are side by side with K to the right and I to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent I?	right	1
1 H is positioned above A.
2 U presents left to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned in the front right corner of H.
2 D is to the right of H horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 L is above C and to the left of C.
2 C is positioned above W and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 S is over there and T is directly below it.
2 K is directly north east of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of E.
2 S is to the top right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Q and M are next to each other with Q on the left and M on the right.
2 Q is diagonally right and below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 R is south west of W.
2 W is over there and E is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 Q is under G.
2 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	above	1
1 X is diagonally above F to the right at a 45 degree.
2 X is over there with A above.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	below	1
1 X and G are parallel, and X is on top of G.
2 H is on the top side to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 K is diagonally left and above K.
2 U is at the bottom of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 W is on the lower left of A.
2 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 L is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
2 L presents left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	below	1
1 Y is below and to the left of N.
2 C is placed on the top of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the left of W.
2 F is above W at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 E and X are parallel, and E on the left of X.
2 Q and X are in a vertical line with Q on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	below	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom right of B.
2 Object H is above object B and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper righthand corner.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is over there and V is directly below it.
2 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Q is over there and W is on the top of it.
2 Q is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	below	1
1 M is positioned left to P.
2 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the 9:00 position of Q.
2 S is diagonally to the upper right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 C and M are next to each other with C on the left and M on the right.
2 L is placed at the upper right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	right	1
1 Y is placed on the top of T.
2 T is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 O is below C and to the right of C.
2 O and E are both there with the object O is to the left of object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	right	1
1 N presents upper left to H.
2 H is to the top-right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 I is slightly off center to the top left and U is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 R is on the left side to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 M is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 E is on the top side to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 E is on top of K.
2 E is to the left of W horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	below	1
1 The objects V and F are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object F.
2 F is over there with A above.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	above	1
1 J is positioned below and to the right of R.
2 The object J is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper righthand corner.
2 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 A is positioned in the lower right corner of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 S is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
2 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	left	1
1 D and G are parallel, and D on the right of G.
2 The objects D and S are over there. The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	below	1
1 X and O are both there with the object O below the object X.
2 O and H are next to each other with O on the left and H on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	left	1
1 G is above and to the left of K.
2 K and P are both there with the object P below the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 P is directly above W.
2 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally left and above E.
2 D is above E at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
2 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	below	1
1 K is on the top side to P.
2 P is at the bottom and E is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, M is located between 2 and 3.
2 H and W are parallel, and H on the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	right	1
1 I and R are both there with the object I above the object R.
2 I is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 M is diagonally left and above M.
2 M is to the left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 V and Y are side by side with Y at the bottom and V on the top.
2 Y is upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	above	1
1 F is directly below W.
2 Q is to the upper left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	below	1
1 B is over there and M is directly above it.
2 Z is at M’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	above	1
1 R and D are vertical and R is below D.
2 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled U.
2 R is to the right of U with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	right	1
1 The object S and G are there. The object G is above and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 G is positioned above K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	left	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 M is sitting at the top position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	above	1
1 C is directly south west of U.
2 U is over there and V is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 M is upper right to X.
2 If J is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 K is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 K and V are parallel, and K is on top of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 D is positioned above O and to the right.
2 D is sitting at the lower position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the upper right of R.
2 B and Z are horizontal and B is to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned below Q and to the left.
2 T is on the left side and above M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 K is sitting at the lower left position to N.
2 N and I are in a vertical line with N on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	above	1
1 D and L are both there with the object D above the object L.
2 L is upper right to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 F presents over C.
2 Q is at F’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	below	1
1 Q is on the upper right of A.
2 O is over there with Q above.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 O is below and to the left of Z.
2 Z is sitting at the lower left position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the bottom right of J.
2 J is sitting at the lower left position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 I is on the left side of and below R.
2 S is positioned in the front right corner of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 K and T are in a vertical line with T below K.
2 Q is placed at the lower left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	below	1
1 R and A are next to each other with A at the bottom R on the top.
2 A is placed at the bottom of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 Y is on the top and E is at the bottom.
2 Y is below H at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
2 U and P are parallel, and U is to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 E is placed at the upper left of K.
2 K is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 S is positioned below P and to the left.
2 Object Q is above object P and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Z is south east of X.
2 X is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face X.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object M is positioned directly above the object H.
2 S and M are parallel, and S is on top of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	above	1
1 N is to the bottom-right of R.
2 K and N are parallel, and K on the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	above	1
1 L is to the left of C and below C at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 C is placed in the right direction of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	above	1
1 I is to the top of N vertically.
2 I is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 V and P are parallel, and V on the right of P.
2 V is over there and L is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	left	1
1 O is placed at the upper left of X.
2 W is at the bottom of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 S is placed in the left direction of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	below	1
1 P is at U's 3 o'clock.
2 P is sitting at the upper left position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 J is over there and R is on the right.
2 R is on the right side and top of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object C and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 R and A are next to each other with A at the bottom R on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 K and N are parallel, and K is to the left of N.
2 K is to the top-right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the right side to D.
2 D is on the lower right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 M is directly below E.
2 I and M are side by side with M at the bottom and I on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is positioned in the lower left corner of M.
2 A is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 D is directly south east of A.
2 D and W are parallel, and W is below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	above	1
1 H is south east of R.
2 S is on the left side and above H.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
2 U is at J's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	left	1
1 R is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 H is at the bottom of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	below	1
1 V is positioned in the top left corner of W.
2 W is sitting at the 6:00 position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	right	1
1 C is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 P and E are parallel, and P is on top of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 O is on the left side to Y.
2 Y is upper left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the right side to K.
2 K is to the right of B horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	right	1
1 P is below and to the left of B.
2 B is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 A is below P.
2 B and P are parallel, and B is on top of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	below	1
1 B and F are parallel, and B is on top of F.
2 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 I is below and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 H is at the bottom and O is on the top.
2 O is below L and to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object B and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	above	1
1 C and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
2 P is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 B is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower righthand corner.
2 Q is to the upper left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 K is lower right of M.
2 The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	right	1
1 G is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 D is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 F is lower right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 M is placed in the right direction of B.
2 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 The objects Q and E are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 N is at E’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the right of it, too.
2 C is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 J and N are both there with the object J above the object N.
2 The objects B and J are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	above	1
1 P is diagonally right and below X.
2 B is at the 6 o'clock position relative to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	right	1
1 X and A are side by side with X to the left and A to the right.
2 The object A is positioned directly above the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	right	1
1 A is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 T is placed in the right direction of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	right	1
1 A and H are both there with the object A is to the right of object H.
2 H is on the left side of and below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 C is directly south west of F.
2 P is lower left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 D and V are both there with the object D above the object V.
2 Object V is above object S and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
2 C is sitting at the upper left position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	above	1
1 S is positioned down and to the left of C.
2 M is on the upper right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 S is on the right and Y is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	left	1
1 A presents left to V.
2 I is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	left	1
1 S is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the lower left of Z.
2 J is north west of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned left to K.
2 X is to the top-left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 M is below and to the left of Q.
2 M is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 G is diagonally to the bottom right of O.
2 G is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 I is over there and G is directly above it.
2 I is below F and to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	right	1
1 K is over there and O is on the top of it.
2 K is on the left and A is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	left	1
1 S is on the right and V is on the left.
2 S presents lower right to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	below	1
1 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, N is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	above	1
1 K is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 R presents right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	above	1
1 A is to the bottom-right of B.
2 F and B are vertical and F is above B.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 E and A are in a vertical line with A below E.
2 Y is positioned in the lower right corner of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	below	1
1 K is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 K and B are parallel, and B is below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	left	1
1 The object O and F are there. The object F is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 The objects F and I are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 Z is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	above	1
1 J is directly north west of H.
2 J is to the right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 I is directly north west of O.
2 D is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	left	1
1 X is on the top side to Q.
2 K is on the left side of and below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	below	1
1 W and A are in a vertical line with A below W.
2 U and W are next to each other with W at the bottom U on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	above	1
1 I is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face I.
2 U is over there with R above.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 U presents lower right to S.
2 I is diagonally right and above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally right and below O.
2 S is sitting at the upper left position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 Y presents right to H.
2 H is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	left	1
1 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
2 I is placed in the left direction of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	right	1
1 D is on the lower left of C.
2 C is positioned above P and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting at the upper left position to M.
2 B is directly above M.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	above	1
1 F is below and to the left of G.
2 G and Z are parallel, and G is over Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 A is over there and J is on the left.
2 M is on the left side of and below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
2 P and X are both there with the object P above the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	below	1
1 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 F is below L and to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the top right of F.
2 Object G is below object B and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 J is positioned right to Y.
2 U is directly above Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 E is positioned above O and to the left.
2 O is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 U is diagonally left and below H.
2 If E is the center of a clock face, H is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned down and to the left of X.
2 F is at S's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	left	1
1 H and X are in a vertical line with X below H.
2 W and X are parallel, and W is over X.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	above	1
1 X is to the right of F.
2 W is positioned in the top left corner of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	above	1
1 G is north east of X.
2 X is sitting at the lower right position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	left	1
1 The object X is positioned directly below the object J.
2 S and X are horizontal and S is to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 B is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	above	1
1 B is placed at the lower left of C.
2 E is positioned left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 L is south west of W.
2 N and L are vertical and N is above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	below	1
1 P and Z are horizontal and P is to the left of Z.
2 Object A is above object P and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the right of Q with a small gap between them.
2 S is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	below	1
1 F is to the right of S horizontally.
2 S is sitting at the upper left position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	left	1
1 O is above W.
2 W is sitting at the upper right position to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 A is positioned below and to the right of L.
2 Y is to the upper left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned above Y and to the right.
2 J is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The objects B and G are over there. The object B is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 B is on the left and Z is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	right	1
1 E is on the left side and above C.
2 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	below	1
1 O is south west of S.
2 S is to the top-right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 F is on top of H.
2 F and T are parallel, and F is to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	below	1
1 G is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 R and B are in a vertical line with B below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	right	1
1 U is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 V is placed at the lower right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 K is diagonally right and below J.
2 F is positioned below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
2 C is above Y and to the left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 L and O are next to each other with L on the top and O at the bottom.
2 G and O are side by side with G to the right and O to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X is placed on the top of F.
2 X is above and to the left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	right	1
1 O is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
2 Q and F are both there with the object Q is to the left of object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 D is below W at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 F is placed at the lower right of V.
2 F is to the left of O horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	right	1
1 Object A is above object K and to the right of it, too.
2 K is directly north west of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below C.
2 D is to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	right	1
1 N is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
2 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	right	1
1 I is at the bottom and W is on the top.
2 X and I are side by side with X to the left and I to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 E is to the top of Z vertically.
2 A is to the top-left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	below	1
1 Z is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
2 The object P and Z are there. The object Z is above and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	above	1
1 H is to the upper left of Q.
2 H and W are both there with the object H is to the left of object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 E and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and E on the left.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	left	1
1 I is directly north east of O.
2 I is over there and B is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	left	1
1 W is to the bottom-right of V.
2 K and W are parallel, and K is to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object X and to the right of it, too.
2 T is on the left side and above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
2 B is sitting at the lower right position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	below	1
1 X is to the top right of Z.
2 X is sitting in the left direction of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The objects S and V are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 S and J are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object E and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 M is placed at the lower left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Z and H are parallel, and Z is under H.
2 P is over there and Z is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	below	1
1 V is placed on the top of J.
2 A is sitting at the lower position to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	above	1
1 U is above and to the left of H.
2 H and K are both there with the object H is to the right of object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 I and X are parallel, and I on the left of X.
2 J is at I’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	left	1
1 G is positioned left to S.
2 S is at the bottom of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally to the bottom right of V.
2 P is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
2 R is directly south west of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly above the object J.
2 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	above	1
1 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 The object B and S are there. The object B is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	left	1
1 G is on top of A.
2 G is diagonally left and below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	below	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
2 I is over there with E above.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 I is south west of D.
2 K and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	left	1
1 I and Q are parallel, and I on the left of Q.
2 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 M is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 T is at the bottom and J is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	left	1
1 K is to the top of V vertically.
2 V and W are both there with the object V above the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	above	1
1 N is placed at the lower right of Q.
2 N and X are side by side with N on the top and X at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the upper right of Y.
2 K is at E's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
2 O is above D.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	right	1
1 A is directly north east of W.
2 M presents lower right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Y is below J and to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned above and to the left of E.
2 E is sitting at the upper right position to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 U is north east of Z.
2 Z is positioned below H and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 D is at F's 12 o'clock.
2 F is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	right	1
1 T presents left to O.
2 X is placed in the left direction of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 Y is sitting at the top position to A.
2 Y and F are parallel, and Y is over F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 K is on the right side and below F.
2 I is on the right and K is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 G is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 G is at X's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	above	1
1 J presents lower right to E.
2 J and K are both there with the object J is to the right of object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Z and M are parallel, and Z is on top of M.
2 O is sitting at the lower position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	above	1
1 Q presents below U.
2 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 A and V are in a horizontal line with V on the right.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	left	1
1 P is above and to the right of E.
2 P is to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	right	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
2 F is lower left to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 C is placed at the lower right of B.
2 Q is to the top-left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
2 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 V and A are side by side with A at the bottom and V on the top.
2 A is below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	above	1
1 Q and W are parallel, and Q is to the right of W.
2 W and P are side by side with W to the left and P to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	right	1
1 L is below G.
2 G is upper right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	below	1
1 J is on the left side of and below L.
2 L presents below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	above	1
1 O and M are side by side with O to the left and M to the right.
2 M and B are parallel, and M is under B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 F is to the left of G.
2 G is positioned below J and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 E and L are parallel, and E on the left of L.
2 E is to the top-left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	right	1
1 Y is over there and E is on the left of it.
2 N presents lower left to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Y is over there and R is at the bottom of it.
2 W is south west of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the lower side of G.
2 F is placed at the upper left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
2 The object I is positioned above and to the left of object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
2 H is there and U is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, N is located between 7 and 8.
2 S is sitting at the top position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	right	1
1 R is diagonally right and above J.
2 T is sitting at the 6:00 position to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the upper right position to K.
2 If J is the center of a clock face, K is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 W is at the lower side of P.
2 W is above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	below	1
1 G is placed at the upper right of U.
2 G is to the right of Q horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	above	1
1 C is upper right to G.
2 G is placed at the lower left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 O presents over Q.
2 The object C and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled N.
2 Q is sitting at the upper left position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	right	1
1 E is above I.
2 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 D and P are side by side with D on the top and P at the bottom.
2 J is on the left and D is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 F is at the bottom and Y is on the top.
2 E presents upper right to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Q and M are horizontal and Q is to the right of M.
2 Q is on the top side to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	above	1
1 T is directly south west of J.
2 J is on the same vertical plane directly below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 G is below and to the right of Z.
2 P is directly north east of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the right side and top of O.
2 V is positioned in the front right corner of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the right side and below R.
2 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	right	1
1 F is below P at 7 o'clock.
2 P presents over E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	below	1
1 B and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
2 B is to the right of I horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	right	1
1 Y and P are in a vertical line with P below Y.
2 Y is at the bottom and L is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	below	1
1 J is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
2 P and Y are side by side with P to the right and Y to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 A and W are side by side with A to the right and W to the left.
2 L is directly north east of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the right side and below Y.
2 L is to the left of Y horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 N is at the bottom of K vertically.
2 K is placed at the bottom of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	below	1
1 T and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
2 Object P is below object V and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the right side and below D.
2 D is positioned right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 G and V are parallel, and G is over V.
2 G is south west of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	below	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 K is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	right	1
1 U presents upper right to Y.
2 X is at the bottom of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
2 D is below Q and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	below	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 U is on the right side and below I.
2 Object I is below object S and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 D presents right to Y.
2 I is positioned below and to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	left	1
1 X and L are parallel, and X is under L.
2 Y is positioned up and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	left	1
1 O is to the bottom left of K.
2 T is directly south west of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at the bottom of K vertically.
2 Y is at E’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 K is north east of C.
2 H and K are both there with the object H is to the left of object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	below	1
1 N is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 V is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
2 U is sitting at the upper right position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Z is directly above T.
2 M and T are horizontal and M is to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	above	1
1 A and Q are horizontal and A is to the right of Q.
2 X and Q are both there with the object X is to the left of object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	left	1
1 M is to the right of H horizontally.
2 Z is on the upper right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	left	1
1 X and H are in a vertical line with H below X.
2 D is to the top of X vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 X is to the bottom left of E.
2 X is directly south west of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 T presents lower right to F.
2 F is on the left side and above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 The object P and J are there. The object J is above and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 U and P are parallel, and U is to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	right	1
1 F is on the lower left of L.
2 Object W is below object F and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the top-left of S.
2 B is sitting at the 9:00 position of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 V and D are in a vertical line with D below V.
2 U is on the lower right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 K is on top of G.
2 C and K are next to each other with C on the top and K at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	below	1
1 R is above W at 2 o'clock.
2 M is to the right of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	below	1
1 A is directly above Y.
2 A is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
2 P is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 B is below and to the right of E.
2 M is on the left side to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object C.
2 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 Y is to the bottom-right of G.
2 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 W is placed at the lower right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 B is upper left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the top-left of S.
2 D is to the top-left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the right of F horizontally.
2 E is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	left	1
1 O is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 O is at T's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	above	1
1 F presents upper right to P.
2 G is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	above	1
1 Object T is below object H and to the left of it, too.
2 T is positioned in the top left corner of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the right side and below I.
2 W is to the upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 P is positioned above and to the left of A.
2 Y is on the left side to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the right of K with a small gap between them.
2 F and K are in a vertical line with F on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 C is directly north west of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to E.
2 U is positioned in the lower right corner of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	left	1
1 M is on the right side and top of N.
2 N is above and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 U is at the lower side of H.
2 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q is positioned below and to the right of C.
2 Q is north west of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned above U and to the left.
2 U is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	below	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
2 The object Q and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	left	1
1 U is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 W presents lower right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper right of L.
2 Z and L are parallel, and Z is over L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 O is above and to the left of Z.
2 Z is placed in the left direction of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 L and D are horizontal and L is to the left of D.
2 J is positioned right to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	left	1
1 M is to the top right of C.
2 M and D are side by side with D at the bottom and M on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	above	1
1 N is directly south east of R.
2 The object labeled A is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 R is directly south east of D.
2 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 V is below D.
2 Z and D are parallel, and Z is over D.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 M is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 P is directly below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H is placed in the right direction of Q.
2 O is placed at the upper right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	right	1
1 T is sitting at the upper left position to V.
2 W is diagonally left and below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 P is positioned in the front right corner of N.
2 N is south west of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 U is to the right of W.
2 J is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	right	1
1 V is directly above T.
2 V is south east of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	below	1
1 H is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 E is at V's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	below	1
1 V is directly north west of F.
2 F is to the top-right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	below	1
1 G and F are in a vertical line with G on top.
2 N is positioned in the front right corner of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	above	1
1 N is at G's 3 o'clock.
2 G is positioned above B and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 C and D are horizontal and C is to the left of D.
2 C is placed in the right direction of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 Q is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 W is directly below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I is upper right to K.
2 U and I are horizontal and U is to the left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	right	1
1 C is to the top-left of V.
2 U is sitting at the lower right position to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting at the lower right position to C.
2 L is to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 H is placed at the lower left of U.
2 G is on the top of H and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	left	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper righthand corner.
2 K is below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 K is on the upper right of I.
2 I presents upper right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the left of O.
2 F is to the left of R horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 O is over there and L is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	right	1
1 D is lower right of A.
2 X is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 T and K are both there with the object T is to the left of object K.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 J and U are parallel, and J is to the right of U.
2 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object S is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 D is placed at the upper left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 W is directly below J.
2 N and W are horizontal and N is to the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	left	1
1 V and Y are parallel, and V is over Y.
2 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	above	1
1 L is above G and to the right of G.
2 L and W are parallel, and L on the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned above I and to the right.
2 F is below and to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned right to F.
2 F is there and U is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 M is placed in the left direction of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 G is under P.
2 L is sitting in the right direction of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	below	1
1 U is sitting at the lower right position to X.
2 The objects F and X are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	below	1
1 L is over there and N is on the top of it.
2 Q is to the top-right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	above	1
1 X is on the right side to H.
2 P is positioned below X and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Object U is below object S and to the right of it, too.
2 S is placed at the upper left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
2 O is below U at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 Q and D are side by side with Q on the top and D at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	below	1
1 M is over there and C is at the bottom of it.
2 B is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 W and S are parallel, and W is to the right of S.
2 M is on the left side to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	right	1
1 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
2 E is diagonally to the upper right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 I presents right to W.
2 S is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 V and G are parallel, and V is to the left of G.
2 V is to the bottom left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	below	1
1 I is on the right side to E.
2 K is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 H is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 T is to the top-right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	above	1
1 T is to the left of D.
2 R is positioned above T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	left	1
1 E is over there and N is on the left of it.
2 R is above N and to the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	below	1
1 C is on the right side and top of Z.
2 D is to the bottom left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 The objects B and G are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 G and E are side by side with G to the right and E to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	below	1
1 L is above H and to the left of H.
2 L is positioned below B and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 R is below and to the left of W.
2 W presents over J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	below	1
1 P is placed on the top of Z.
2 Z is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Y is over there with I below.
2 I is below and to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	above	1
1 V is on the lower right of N.
2 V is sitting at the lower position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned above and to the left of T.
2 S is placed at the lower left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 I and O are vertical and I is below O.
2 I and W are both there with the object W below the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	above	1
1 V and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
2 V is below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object B.
2 J is on the right side and top of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 H is positioned below and to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 J is upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 K is north west of H.
2 K and E are both there with the object K is to the right of object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	above	1
1 L is to the top of U vertically.
2 L is on the top side to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	below	1
1 S is below R and to the right of R.
2 R is over there with Z above.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	below	1
1 S and C are parallel, and C is below S.
2 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
2 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the left side to C.
2 T is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	left	1
1 M is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 L is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 P is over there and A is on the right of it.
2 G is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	right	1
1 R and N are side by side with R to the right and N to the left.
2 R is on the left and Z is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object labeled Q is positioned to the right of the object labeled G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 H is below L.
2 L is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 C and H are parallel, and C is to the left of H.
2 H presents lower left to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the bottom-left of W.
2 If Y is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Z presents upper right to Y.
2 M is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Q is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	left	1
1 F is positioned left to C.
2 C is diagonally to the upper right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	right	1
1 F is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 H is to the left of F horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 D is below S and to the left of S.
2 Q presents over S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 M is on the top side to H.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the left side to L.
2 V is over there and L is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 A is under V.
2 Y is at the bottom and V is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 N is over there and C is on the top of it.
2 B is to the bottom right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 M is at the bottom of N.
2 H and N are parallel, and H is to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	right	1
1 S is on the top side to D.
2 X is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	above	1
1 P and K are next to each other with P on the left and K on the right.
2 E presents lower right to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object J.
2 J and C are next to each other with C on the right and J on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 H is sitting at the top position to M.
2 I and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	below	1
1 B is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 V is directly above D.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	above	1
1 D is above and to the right of C.
2 C is to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	below	1
1 Z is directly above H.
2 Z is on the right side and below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	above	1
1 S and A are in a vertical line with A below S.
2 A is below Y at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object Y and P are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 P is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of X.
2 O is at X’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 C is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 R and P are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
2 O is to the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 P is over there and M is on the left of it.
2 Z is on the upper right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 O is positioned in the top left corner of E.
2 O is at K's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	left	1
1 C is on the top side to T.
2 N is at the lower side of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper left of S.
2 W presents upper right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	left	1
1 P and R are next to each other with P on the left and R on the right.
2 B is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 B is sitting at the lower left position to H.
2 H is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to I.
2 K and Y are parallel, and K is over Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 L is at C’s 9 o'clock.
2 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 D is on the right and J is on the left.
2 M is to the left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	right	1
1 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 S is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 H is over there and V is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	right	1
1 K and T are side by side with K to the left and T to the right.
2 K is over there and B is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 U and P are both there with the object U is to the right of object P.
2 U is placed at the bottom of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	left	1
1 S is to the bottom-left of U.
2 U is sitting at the lower position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the top position to P.
2 P is positioned in the front right corner of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 K is above and to the right of I.
2 K is positioned right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and X is directly below it.
2 X is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face X.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	above	1
1 S is to the left of J.
2 S is to the bottom left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the right of the object labeled A.
2 A is directly south west of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 K and O are vertical and K is above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the top of F vertically.
2 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	below	1
1 O and N are side by side with O to the left and N to the right.
2 G is over there and O is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	left	1
1 E is sitting in the left direction of N.
2 X and E are side by side with X on the top and E at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	left	1
1 N and X are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
2 P and X are both there with the object X below the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 D is on the right and X is on the left.
2 A is upper right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper righthand corner.
2 K is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is to the bottom-left of A.
2 B is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally left and below C.
2 Object C is below object S and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 V is under J.
2 J is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object A.
2 A is positioned in the front right corner of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 M is to the left of Y with a small gap between them.
2 Y and W are parallel, and Y is on top of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 The object M is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 G presents lower right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 If J is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
2 I is sitting in the right direction of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 X is to the bottom-right of P.
2 The object K is positioned above and to the left of object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
2 D and J are parallel, and D is on top of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 S presents lower right to I.
2 Y and S are next to each other with Y on the left and S on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	left	1
1 D is placed on the top of G.
2 J is to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	below	1
1 N is positioned in the top left corner of W.
2 D is above W at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 The object V is positioned above and to the left of object T.
2 P is sitting at the lower position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
2 C is to the right and above L at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 U is over A.
2 K is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	below	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to F.
2 D is diagonally left and above D.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is placed at the lower left of I.
2 I is to the left of Y horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 G is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 R and C are in a vertical line with C below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 W presents upper left to P.
2 V and P are next to each other with V on the left and P on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	right	1
1 N is to the bottom left of M.
2 U is upper right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 Q is over there and U is on the left of it.
2 Q is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 H is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
2 A presents left to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	right	1
1 N is positioned below and to the right of C.
2 N is positioned up and to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally to the upper right of C.
2 C and T are side by side with C to the right and T to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 I is sitting at the top position to W.
2 H and W are horizontal and H is to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	above	1
1 H is positioned right to W.
2 W is below and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 U and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
2 Z is at the lower side of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	right	1
1 K is above Z at 2 o'clock.
2 K is on top of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object G and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 C is positioned left to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 I and M are horizontal and I is to the right of M.
2 I is over there and C is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	left	1
1 H is above E with a small gap between them.
2 R is positioned in the front right corner of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Z is placed at the upper right of I.
2 Z is placed at the lower left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 M is diagonally right and above Q.
2 The objects Q and T are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there with L above.
2 B and U are horizontal and B is to the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the upper left of B.
2 A is below G and to the left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally left and below V.
2 S and V are parallel, and S is to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	below	1
1 C presents left to Z.
2 K is south east of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 S is placed in the left direction of R.
2 D and R are side by side with R at the bottom and D on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	below	1
1 C is below U.
2 A is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 V is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	left	1
1 F is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 W and V are parallel, and W is to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	left	1
1 S is below O and to the right of O.
2 N is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	left	1
1 V and K are both there with the object K below the object V.
2 X is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 Z is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	above	1
1 G is under K.
2 K and U are next to each other with K on the left and U on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	above	1
1 Y is above S with a small gap between them.
2 G presents below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
2 S is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 U is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 U is lower left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 N is positioned in the top left corner of G.
2 B is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 V is at Z's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	above	1
1 A is to the right and above X at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 A is above Q and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the bottom right of E.
2 A and D are next to each other with A on the left and D on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	right	1
1 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object D.
2 I and D are next to each other with D at the bottom I on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Z is below F and to the right of F.
2 C is below F and to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 J is to the upper left of D.
2 J is at H's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	right	1
1 C is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 Z is diagonally right and above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
2 Y is positioned above H and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 O presents right to F.
2 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	left	1
1 Y presents left to T.
2 T is there and N is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object labeled L is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	left	1
1 Y is over there and L is at the bottom of it.
2 T is to the right of L horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	right	1
1 The object J and B are there. The object B is above and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 K is to the top-right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 D is diagonally below S to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	below	1
1 W and I are both there with the object W is to the left of object I.
2 I is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	right	1
1 K is to the top-left of D.
2 W and K are both there with the object W above the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	below	1
1 C is upper right to J.
2 J is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	above	1
1 S is positioned in the front right corner of C.
2 C is over there and L is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 M is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
2 M is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 X is south east of C.
2 B and C are horizontal and B is to the left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The objects E and F are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 E is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 P is south east of U.
2 S and U are in a vertical line with S on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the left of U horizontally.
2 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 U is above F at 2 o'clock.
2 F is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Y is directly north west of B.
2 O is sitting at the top position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	above	1
1 A presents left to X.
2 U is placed at the upper right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	left	1
1 R is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 F is positioned right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	left	1
1 U is positioned below M.
2 If U is the center of a clock face, B is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 S is south west of J.
2 M is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 X is below and to the left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 D and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
2 The objects K and D are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Z is on the left and X is on the right.
2 X and S are next to each other with X on the left and S on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	left	1
1 Z is below L at 4 o'clock.
2 W is on the right side to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	below	1
1 H and O are both there with the object H is to the right of object O.
2 R and H are parallel, and R on the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	left	1
1 T is at the bottom and G is on the top.
2 G is to the left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	below	1
1 L is placed at the upper left of C.
2 C is on the right side and below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 L and D are side by side with L to the right and D to the left.
2 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	left	1
1 L is at the bottom of M vertically.
2 L is placed at the lower left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the left of U horizontally.
2 B is at U’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	left	1
1 X is at E’s 9 o'clock.
2 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
2 M is placed in the left direction of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	above	1
1 L is over there and J is at the bottom of it.
2 I presents upper right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 T is on the left and W is on the right.
2 V presents lower right to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	above	1
1 Q and B are parallel, and Q is over B.
2 B is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	below	1
1 H and W are parallel, and H is to the right of W.
2 O and H are parallel, and O on the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	right	1
1 E and N are in a vertical line with E on top.
2 E is directly above W.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	below	1
1 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
2 R is positioned below W and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 A is to the left of O with a small gap between them.
2 D is on the left side and above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	left	1
1 J is on the top side to E.
2 D is placed at the upper left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 L is over O.
2 D is above L at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 P is below I and to the left of I.
2 Object P is below object B and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 I is over there and Z is on the right of it.
2 U is positioned below Z and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the bottom-left of W.
2 D and O are parallel, and D is over O.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
2 U is positioned up and to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly above H.
2 H is above J and to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
2 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 The objects V and K are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 K is on the left side and above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower right position to W.
2 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 I is over there and B is on the left.
2 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
2 Z is on the left side and above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 O is sitting in the right direction of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 V presents right to N.
2 The object A is positioned below and to the right of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	above	1
1 X is below and to the left of N.
2 N is to the top of A vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	below	1
1 M is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 P is below F.
2 F is sitting at the upper left position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	right	1
1 D is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 U is over there and B is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 A is to the top-right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	above	1
1 Z is at the bottom of W.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 C is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 C is below U with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	below	1
1 V is sitting at the upper left position to B.
2 K is positioned in the front right corner of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled E is positioned to the left of the object labeled I.
2 Q is below and to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, M is located between 7 and 8.
2 V presents right to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the top-right of U.
2 A is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned below A and to the right.
2 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 H is at the bottom and T is on the top.
2 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 J is at B’s 9 o'clock.
2 B is on the lower left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 R is to the right of Y horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Object K is above object E and to the left of it, too.
2 The objects K and D are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 E is above R and to the right of R.
2 R is sitting in the left direction of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
2 B is positioned below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the right of C horizontally.
2 C is placed in the right direction of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 M is at Q's 12 o'clock.
2 Q is below and to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
2 N is diagonally above C to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 Q is at J’s 9 o'clock.
2 The object Q is positioned directly above the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	left	1
1 P is sitting at the upper right position to W.
2 P is to the top-right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 U and M are horizontal and U is to the right of M.
2 U and J are both there with the object J below the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	above	1
1 E and V are horizontal and E is to the right of V.
2 A is positioned below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally right and above J.
2 Q is positioned down and to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
2 E and H are horizontal and E is to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	right	1
1 I is sitting in the left direction of U.
2 I is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	above	1
1 H is there and Q is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 H is sitting at the top position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 Y is under Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 X is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 U is at the lower side of Q.
2 I is above U and to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	above	1
1 E and M are in a vertical line with M below E.
2 E is there and K is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 K is positioned above Z.
2 K is sitting at the upper right position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	below	1
1 O is directly south west of W.
2 W is directly north east of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
2 Z presents lower left to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly above B.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 P is positioned above D and to the left.
2 X is at D’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object Q and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 J is above Q and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 L is directly south east of B.
2 If B is the center of a clock face, W is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	below	1
1 K presents upper right to Z.
2 Z and N are parallel, and Z is under N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Object R is below object D and to the left of it, too.
2 D is to the left of X horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 K is diagonally right and above G.
2 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	right	1
1 O is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
2 D is positioned down and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	above	1
1 N and E are next to each other with E at the bottom N on the top.
2 T and E are next to each other with E on the right and T on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	right	1
1 R is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 S is above Z and to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 J is north east of Z.
2 R is directly south east of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 M is over there and O is directly below it.
2 R and O are parallel, and R is under O.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	above	1
1 C is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 C is below Q with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	left	1
1 O is below W and to the left of W.
2 B is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	below	1
1 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
2 C is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 U is directly south east of D.
2 U is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned right to Q.
2 Z is positioned below R and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	left	1
1 The object L is positioned directly above the object K.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the upper left of M.
2 H is placed at the bottom of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the right of J horizontally.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 U is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
2 X is south west of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 I and J are side by side with I on the top and J at the bottom.
2 Object A is above object P and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 T is lower left to A.
2 A is above V and to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 N is above and to the right of M.
2 N is directly south east of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 X is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 X is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 P is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 D is above P and to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
2 X is to the left of E with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	right	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
2 B and Y are both there with the object B is to the left of object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	right	1
1 The objects P and A are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 P is on the top side to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 C is positioned above O and to the left.
2 O and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	left	1
1 S is to the bottom left of K.
2 V is diagonally below K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 E is diagonally to the upper left of T.
2 I is on the same vertical plane directly below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is north west of E.
2 E is at I's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	right	1
1 R is diagonally right and below X.
2 X is at the bottom and K is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 The object L is positioned directly above the object U.
2 U is sitting at the lower position to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	above	1
1 E is to the bottom-right of I.
2 I is to the bottom left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the right of X horizontally.
2 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	below	1
1 J is to the top of B vertically.
2 F and J are parallel, and F is on top of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	below	1
1 Q and A are vertical and Q is below A.
2 S is sitting at the top position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly below F.
2 J is to the right of P horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 B and A are parallel, and B is under A.
2 B is to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 H is over there and V is on the left.
2 V and N are side by side with V to the left and N to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	left	1
1 M is sitting at the lower right position to U.
2 U is positioned up and to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
2 The object V and O are there. The object O is above and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 R is placed in the right direction of X.
2 T is positioned below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	below	1
1 M is sitting in the right direction of G.
2 D is diagonally below G to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	right	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
2 T is at the bottom of U vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	below	1
1 Object H is below object S and to the left of it, too.
2 N is to the right of S horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 T presents lower left to R.
2 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the upper left of T.
2 M is on top of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	right	1
1 Z is below P and to the left of P.
2 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 B is below Y and to the right of Y.
2 E and B are parallel, and B is below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	left	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
2 G is to the top-left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	right	1
1 L is diagonally left and above L.
2 L is above T at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 B is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
2 The object U is positioned directly above the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	above	1
1 R and A are parallel, and A is below R.
2 R is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	above	1
1 K is over there and J is on the left of it.
2 B and J are horizontal and B is to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	left	1
1 D and Y are both there with the object Y below the object D.
2 D is over there and R is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the left of J.
2 B and Z are parallel, and B on the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	left	1
1 S is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face S.
2 R presents lower right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The object A and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 D and A are side by side with A at the bottom and D on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	above	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 A is directly south west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 B is on the top side to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent L?	above	1
1 H is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
2 N and E are in a vertical line with N on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 W presents over J.
2 W is to the top right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 I is positioned in the top left corner of T.
2 I is at the bottom of U vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y is over there and X is on the top of it.
2 H is placed on the top of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 L is positioned above Q and to the left.
2 T is to the bottom-left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 N is directly below K.
2 D and K are parallel, and D on the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 F is diagonally left and above F.
2 F is on top of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object H.
2 Y is to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 H and U are parallel, and H on the left of U.
2 Z is to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	left	1
1 F and J are next to each other with F on the left and J on the right.
2 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, C is located between 10 and 11.
2 Y is to the top right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	left	1
1 D and J are parallel, and D is to the left of J.
2 D is under V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
2 Y is placed at the bottom of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Q is diagonally to the upper left of V.
2 Q and Y are side by side with Q to the right and Y to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 M is at V's 3 o'clock.
2 F is below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 The object K and H are there. The object H is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 K is sitting in the right direction of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	above	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the upper righthand corner.
2 I is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 T is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 L is below and to the left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 D is sitting in the left direction of V.
2 V and S are next to each other with V on the top and S at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned left to X.
2 Z and M are side by side with Z to the left and M to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	left	1
1 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to X.
2 P is directly north east of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	right	1
1 F presents lower left to T.
2 D is on the left side to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
2 K is below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	above	1
1 C and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and C on the top.
2 C is positioned above R and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to F.
2 H presents upper right to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the left side of and below W.
2 O is below N at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 N is placed at the bottom of W.
2 G and N are horizontal and G is to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	above	1
1 R is to the top-left of N.
2 B is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned above H and to the left.
2 N is to the upper left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 R is lower left to V.
2 D is below R and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 A is north east of E.
2 W is below E and to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 X is on top of Q.
2 L is positioned below and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
2 G and J are next to each other with J at the bottom G on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	above	1
1 W is south east of Q.
2 W and S are side by side with S at the bottom and W on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	above	1
1 S is below and to the right of A.
2 A is on the upper right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 B and F are parallel, and B on the right of F.
2 G is over there and F is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	below	1
1 P is over there with U below.
2 V is directly north east of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	left	1
1 C is to the top of N vertically.
2 C presents upper right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 G is below R at 7 o'clock.
2 N and R are in a vertical line with R below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the top-left of F.
2 E is north west of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 P is above and to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	above	1
1 C and M are next to each other with M at the bottom C on the top.
2 C is on the left side and above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	above	1
1 N is on the right side to I.
2 B is below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	below	1
1 B is at N's 3 o'clock.
2 N is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	left	1
1 W is positioned below V and to the right.
2 V is over there and R is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	left	1
1 X and C are parallel, and X on the right of C.
2 U and X are parallel, and U is over X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	below	1
1 K is below and to the left of I.
2 K is above Z with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the lower left position to T.
2 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Q presents below N.
2 If V is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Z and W are next to each other with Z on the left and W on the right.
2 Z is positioned below and to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Object C is above object M and to the left of it, too.
2 N is north west of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the left of object V.
2 Object Y is below object T and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 X is south east of U.
2 X is positioned left to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	right	1
1 R is over there with E above.
2 O and E are next to each other with O on the top and E at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is below K at 4 o'clock.
2 A is at P's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	below	1
1 Z is positioned down and to the left of T.
2 X is on the right side to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned above N and to the right.
2 L is to the top-right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 J is there and B is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 Q is over J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 D presents upper right to S.
2 M is above D.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 Y is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 P is to the top-left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 R presents over Q.
2 Y is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	left	1
1 D and N are parallel, and D is over N.
2 D and C are vertical and D is above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 O is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 B and A are side by side with B to the left and A to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	above	1
1 G is below T.
2 L is at the bottom and T is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	below	1
1 M is to the left of B with a small gap between them.
2 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	below	1
1 Object G is below object M and to the right of it, too.
2 M and E are parallel, and M on the left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
2 E presents over P.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	above	1
1 O is over there and Q is on the right.
2 Object L is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the left side to F.
2 J is above F and to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
2 F is diagonally to the upper left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 F is south east of A.
2 The objects A and O are over there. The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	below	1
1 M is above Z and to the right of Z.
2 I is positioned above M and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 L is at D’s 9 o'clock.
2 L is above H and to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 O presents right to W.
2 O is at the bottom of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
2 L is to the upper left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 A presents over P.
2 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned above L.
2 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 A is sitting at the upper left position to C.
2 R is at the bottom of C vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 E is above N and to the right of N.
2 N is to the top of W vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	below	1
1 W is above M.
2 M is positioned right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	above	1
1 P is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	left	1
1 R is placed in the left direction of O.
2 The object W and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	right	1
1 P is placed at the upper right of W.
2 P is placed in the right direction of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	above	1
1 O is to the left of T horizontally.
2 T and W are vertical and T is below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	right	1
1 V is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 T is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the left of I horizontally.
2 C is over there and I is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	right	1
1 R is over F.
2 S is to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 O is positioned up and to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 O is below G and to the left of G.
2 D is positioned in the front right corner of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 E is at K's 12 o'clock.
2 K is to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the bottom of P.
2 P is over there and F is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 R is above T and to the right of T.
2 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned below L and to the left.
2 D is to the bottom right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 F and J are parallel, and F is to the left of J.
2 J presents lower right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
2 If B is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 P is over there with W below.
2 G is on the lower left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	left	1
1 W is below P.
2 W and I are side by side with W to the right and I to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	right	1
1 R is over there and F is directly below it.
2 J and F are in a vertical line with F below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	above	1
1 F is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 W is over there with X above.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 C is over there and I is directly above it.
2 I is sitting in the right direction of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	below	1
1 U is on the left side of and below Y.
2 U and T are horizontal and U is to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is positioned in the lower right corner of T.
2 G is below A and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Z is placed at the lower left of L.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	left	1
1 W and P are in a vertical line with P below W.
2 Y is on the right and W is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 W is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	above	1
1 B is diagonally above X to the right at a 45 degree.
2 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	above	1
1 P is at the lower side of M.
2 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the top side to N.
2 B is placed in the left direction of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Z is on the right side and below C.
2 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	below	1
1 W is at O's 12 o'clock.
2 The object O is positioned directly below the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	above	1
1 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
2 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J presents upper right to Q.
2 J is diagonally to the bottom left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the upper right of M.
2 T is sitting at the lower left position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the left side to K.
2 S and I are parallel, and S is under I.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	right	1
1 A is over there and K is on the left of it.
2 F presents left to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	right	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
2 E is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	above	1
1 Z is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Z is on the upper right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	below	1
1 P is to the bottom left of X.
2 K is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 C is directly north east of D.
2 C and I are parallel, and C on the left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	right	1
1 T is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 K is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	below	1
1 M is positioned above and to the left of D.
2 G is on top of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	left	1
1 M and D are vertical and M is above D.
2 M and T are side by side with M to the right and T to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 P is above and to the left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 N is above and to the right of J.
2 N is diagonally to the upper right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D is below and to the right of M.
2 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the bottom right of U.
2 K is above V and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 I is at the bottom of Y.
2 S and Y are in a vertical line with Y below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	above	1
1 I is south east of T.
2 I is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned up and to the right of Q.
2 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 The object Y and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 N is on the top side to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	below	1
1 The object N is upper and slightly to the left of the object Y.
2 The object N is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Z is under W.
2 W is on the upper right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Y is over there and H is directly above it.
2 Object I is above object Y and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	right	1
1 J is on the left side of and below K.
2 K and W are next to each other with K on the top and W at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	below	1
1 D is diagonally right and below T.
2 T is directly north west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 L is positioned below and to the right of H.
2 H and U are both there with the object H above the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	right	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower position to R.
2 Y is diagonally to the upper right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the right and Y is on the left.
2 If R is the center of a clock face, X is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	left	1
1 B and O are parallel, and B on the right of O.
2 A is on top of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	below	1
1 A is on the left side to Y.
2 I is on the lower right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to Z.
2 Z is over there and T is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	below	1
1 K is on the top and U is at the bottom.
2 K is there and S is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	above	1
1 Q is at the bottom of K.
2 Q and S are vertical and Q is below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	above	1
1 A is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 A is directly north east of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
2 N is positioned left to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
2 I presents lower left to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	right	1
1 A is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
2 G is there and A is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	right	1
1 Y is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 F is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
2 W presents upper left to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting in the right direction of T.
2 V is directly south west of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Q is above O and to the right of O.
2 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the bottom-right of T.
2 P presents over U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	below	1
1 G is positioned left to M.
2 A is sitting in the left direction of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	left	1
1 X is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 N is directly north east of G.
2 S is at G's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	above	1
1 Z and H are horizontal and Z is to the left of H.
2 Z is at the bottom of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	below	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
2 U is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 T is sitting at the 6:00 position to E.
2 E is diagonally right and above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 M is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 M is to the bottom-left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	right	1
1 O and P are in a vertical line with O on top.
2 O and L are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	left	1
1 R presents right to N.
2 C is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the top position to L.
2 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	left	1
1 X is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 M and X are in a vertical line with X below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	below	1
1 L is to the right of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 L and M are vertical and L is below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 Q is on the upper right of I.
2 I is upper left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
2 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	left	1
1 K is below and to the left of G.
2 K is to the top-left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 B and T are next to each other with T on the right and B on the left.
2 T is to the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	right	1
1 U is north east of X.
2 X is south west of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 Y is below K at 4 o'clock.
2 P is to the top-right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Y and E are next to each other with Y on the top and E at the bottom.
2 B presents below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	above	1
1 F is upper right to R.
2 R is to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 A is positioned below J and to the left.
2 A and S are parallel, and A is over S.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 C is over N.
2 A is at the bottom of N vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	above	1
1 D is sitting at the top position to E.
2 N is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 H is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
2 A is placed at the lower left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 O is directly below E.
2 L and E are horizontal and L is to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	right	1
1 J is directly south west of M.
2 M presents upper right to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 C is placed in the right direction of O.
2 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
2 R is to the right of F horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	right	1
1 S is diagonally right and above O.
2 The object S and H are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the left and T is on the right.
2 K is south west of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Object J is below object O and to the right of it, too.
2 O is north east of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	right	1
1 W is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 H and K are parallel, and H is to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to K.
2 T is sitting at the lower left position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	above	1
1 L is over there and B is on the right.
2 L is positioned in the lower left corner of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	below	1
1 D and Z are in a vertical line with D on top.
2 D is above S and to the right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	left	1
1 K is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 K is positioned right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	left	1
1 Y is to the left of P horizontally.
2 A is to the bottom-left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 Q is lower left to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 D is below Q at 7 o'clock.
2 C is sitting at the upper right position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 J is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 J is below and to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
2 The object F is positioned above and to the right of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
2 W is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting at the top position to N.
2 Y and N are next to each other with N at the bottom Y on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	below	1
1 T and Y are side by side with T to the right and Y to the left.
2 Y is at the 3 o'clock position relative to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	left	1
1 R is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
2 O presents below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 U is on the left and R is on the right.
2 U is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	left	1
1 W is on the lower left of L.
2 P and L are in a vertical line with L below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Z is over there and Y is on the left.
2 Y is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	left	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and D is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 D is over there with B below.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	below	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, L is located between 7 and 8.
2 G is to the bottom left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned below A and to the right.
2 G is on the right side to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	right	1
1 B presents upper left to R.
2 B is to the bottom-left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of C.
2 Q and P are both there with the object Q above the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	left	1
1 S is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 F is below S at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper righthand corner.
2 F is diagonally to the upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	above	1
1 B and J are vertical and B is above J.
2 B is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 S is at the bottom of W vertically.
2 A and S are next to each other with S on the right and A on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 D is above and to the right of T.
2 Z is positioned below and to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Z is placed on the top of V.
2 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled M.
2 M is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 Z and A are horizontal and Z is to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	below	1
1 L is placed at the lower left of U.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, Z is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	right	1
1 J is placed at the upper left of Y.
2 R is to the bottom right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 J and L are parallel, and J on the left of L.
2 J is on the right and K is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	right	1
1 U is below and to the left of H.
2 H is positioned right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	right	1
1 X presents right to V.
2 I is on the right side to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	right	1
1 W is lower left to Z.
2 Z is to the upper left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of O.
2 A is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	right	1
1 L and Q are side by side with L on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 Q is lower left to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	right	1
1 N is placed at the upper left of H.
2 H and G are side by side with H to the left and G to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 O is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 Y and S are in a vertical line with S below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
2 B is at the lower side of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the right side to F.
2 Y is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 B is over there with T above.
2 T is upper left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 T is under A.
2 Object T is below object C and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	above	1
1 C is positioned in the top left corner of P.
2 P is lower left to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 H is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 F is placed at the upper left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the bottom left of V.
2 V is sitting at the lower right position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	below	1
1 P is diagonally right and below Y.
2 O is above P at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the top side to C.
2 X is over there and C is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	above	1
1 T presents right to H.
2 H is over there and F is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	above	1
1 N is sitting at the top position to D.
2 D is to the bottom-right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
2 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 P is above L at 10 o'clock.
2 M is directly above P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned below I.
2 B is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	above	1
1 Z is on the left side of and below P.
2 P is directly south east of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned above W and to the right.
2 The objects W and E are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the right side and below O.
2 D is sitting at the upper left position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 M is over there and I is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the right side and top of C.
2 K and C are both there with the object C below the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	above	1
1 B is to the left of Q with a small gap between them.
2 B is over there and X is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 G is positioned right to K.
2 Q is positioned up and to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the left of S.
2 The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is positioned directly below the object O.
2 Y is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the top and T is at the bottom.
2 H is at the bottom and T is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	above	1
1 O is at B's 6 o'clock.
2 N is placed in the right direction of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 I is over there and C is on the right.
2 S and I are parallel, and S is to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	right	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of A.
2 Y is sitting at the 9:00 position of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	left	1
1 M is below R with a small gap between them.
2 M is above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	above	1
1 N is on the top side to H.
2 H and I are side by side with H to the right and I to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	below	1
1 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 P is directly above Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	right	1
1 H is on the top side to A.
2 A and L are both there with the object A is to the left of object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	above	1
1 Z is lower right of V.
2 V is north west of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 R is positioned left to P.
2 C presents upper right to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 C is at the 12 o'clock position relative to J.
2 J is diagonally left and below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	left	1
1 F is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 Y is to the upper left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 S is over there and Q is on the left of it.
2 Q and B are next to each other with B on the right and Q on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 A is placed on the top of P.
2 P and F are both there with the object P is to the right of object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	right	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper right position to U.
2 The object U and I are there. The object I is above and slightly to the left of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 D and Q are next to each other with D on the left and Q on the right.
2 Object E is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	above	1
1 V and L are in a vertical line with L below V.
2 L and H are side by side with L on the top and H at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	below	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object Q.
2 X is diagonally below L to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 D is above Y and to the left of Y.
2 E is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 V and U are parallel, and V on the right of U.
2 Object V is above object E and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	below	1
1 The objects J and Z are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	left	1
1 U is above Y at 10 o'clock.
2 Y is placed in the right direction of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 N is lower left to K.
2 N is at the bottom and E is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Z is under J.
2 The object J is upper and slightly to the right of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	above	1
1 D is positioned left to B.
2 E is below B at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	left	1
1 R and P are in a vertical line with P below R.
2 C is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 S is sitting in the left direction of P.
2 C and P are horizontal and C is to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	left	1
1 S is over G.
2 I and G are side by side with I to the right and G to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to C, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 G and Y are in a vertical line with Y below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Y?	above	1
1 R and B are next to each other with B at the bottom R on the top.
2 Y is to the bottom-right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	above	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
2 G is at the lower side of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 V is above and to the left of X.
2 X and K are side by side with X to the right and K to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	below	1
1 O is placed at the upper right of M.
2 O is diagonally above A to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 K and F are side by side with K on the top and F at the bottom.
2 F is placed in the right direction of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 F is diagonally left and below S.
2 The objects F and M are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 U and Z are in a vertical line with U on top.
2 X and U are next to each other with X on the top and U at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	above	1
1 C is over there and Q is at the bottom of it.
2 C is on the left and T is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 B and G are horizontal and B is to the left of G.
2 B is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 G is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper righthand corner.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 O is above and to the right of J.
2 B is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	above	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 L is diagonally right and below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 D is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 D is to the left of H horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 W is at the bottom of A vertically.
2 X is to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	left	1
1 F is to the top right of U.
2 U is at K's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	left	1
1 N and O are horizontal and N is to the left of O.
2 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	right	1
1 The object D is positioned above and to the right of the object G.
2 I is positioned below D and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 I is below U at 7 o'clock.
2 U is to the top right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 V is on the left side and above X.
2 V is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	below	1
1 G is lower left to Q.
2 Q and J are in a vertical line with J below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	right	1
1 E is to the bottom left of S.
2 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	left	1
1 O is there and W is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 G is sitting in the right direction of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 B is above and to the right of J.
2 L is at the bottom of J and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 J is directly below C.
2 C is on the top and O is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 Q is south east of V.
2 B is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 E is placed in the left direction of D.
2 E and O are parallel, and E on the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 B and W are vertical and B is above W.
2 B and M are in a vertical line with M below B.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	below	1
1 R is diagonally right and below P.
2 U and R are side by side with U to the left and R to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 R is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
2 H is north east of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	above	1
1 Y and H are both there with the object Y above the object H.
2 H is positioned below P and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 The object Z is positioned directly below the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the right of A.
2 P is above A at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Y is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	below	1
1 V is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
2 E is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 A is at D's 3 o'clock.
2 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the left and I is on the right.
2 O and I are parallel, and O is on top of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	left	1
1 Q and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
2 If P is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 U is there and I is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 The object I is positioned directly above the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 X and G are both there with the object X above the object G.
2 X is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 The object U and A are there. The object U is below and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 X and W are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 W is on the upper right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	above	1
1 G is positioned above D and to the left.
2 G is at P’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C and W are horizontal and C is to the right of W.
2 E is on the right side to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 B is over there and X is on the right.
2 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	left	1
1 U is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
2 U is at M's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	above	1
1 J is directly north east of W.
2 W is on the right side to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
2 P is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 G is below and to the left of V.
2 G is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 V is positioned above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object O and Y are there. The object Y is above and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 J and O are parallel, and J is over O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q and T are horizontal and Q is to the left of T.
2 U is to the left of T and below T at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 X is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Y is positioned in the front right corner of A.
2 H is over there with A above.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	below	1
1 H is to the bottom-right of E.
2 Object A is above object V and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 L is to the left of V horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 J is sitting at the top position to O.
2 J is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 X is to the bottom right of Z.
2 Z is placed in the left direction of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 A is to the right of Y horizontally.
2 A presents below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Q is on the upper right of Z.
2 Z is placed on the top of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
2 V presents below B.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	above	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled K.
2 C is to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	left	1
1 O and A are next to each other with O on the top and A at the bottom.
2 I is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	above	1
1 X is above and to the right of D.
2 X is placed in the right direction of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	below	1
1 X is on the lower right of A.
2 B is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of V.
2 T is to the bottom left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 J is above E.
2 W and E are next to each other with W on the left and E on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	above	1
1 U and N are next to each other with U on the left and N on the right.
2 Z is lower left to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	right	1
1 H and P are horizontal and H is to the right of P.
2 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned in the top left corner of B.
2 Object V is above object U and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 E is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the upper left of L.
2 W and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	right	1
1 P is sitting in the left direction of Z.
2 P is to the bottom right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
2 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 B is under H.
2 H is at U's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	below	1
1 L is directly north west of Z.
2 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 A and F are horizontal and A is to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	left	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
2 I is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 V is at T's 6 o'clock.
2 T is over there and U is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 A is to the bottom-left of E.
2 A is over there and S is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 T is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
2 X and J are parallel, and X is to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	left	1
1 Z presents lower left to O.
2 M is over there and Z is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 W is placed in the left direction of Y.
2 The objects Y and S are over there. The object Y is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 L and K are side by side with L on the top and K at the bottom.
2 E and K are parallel, and E is to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	below	1
1 F presents lower left to C.
2 F is diagonally below A to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 S is to the left of E.
2 E and O are side by side with E to the right and O to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 S is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 E is to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
2 Q and Z are horizontal and Q is to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	right	1
1 A presents lower right to X.
2 X is to the bottom-left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Object P is below object N and to the right of it, too.
2 P is positioned left to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	left	1
1 N is positioned above D and to the right.
2 E and N are in a vertical line with E on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Q and P are side by side with P at the bottom and Q on the top.
2 S is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
2 U is above T at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 O is above W at 2 o'clock.
2 P is north west of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 L is directly above J.
2 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 F is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
2 T is at F's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	right	1
1 X is directly above G.
2 G is at M’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	right	1
1 I and V are both there with the object I above the object V.
2 The object V and W are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	above	1
1 A is over there and N is on the right.
2 N and V are parallel, and N is under V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 C is at the bottom of A vertically.
2 Q is to the top-left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	above	1
1 D and G are side by side with G at the bottom and D on the top.
2 M is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	above	1
1 T and C are next to each other with T on the top and C at the bottom.
2 C is upper left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 V is above L at 2 o'clock.
2 V is on the upper right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 C is sitting at the lower left position to B.
2 K is over there and B is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 N is positioned above V and to the right.
2 N is below and to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 N is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
2 I is on the right side and below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	left	1
1 Z is over there and Y is on the right of it.
2 Z and C are parallel, and Z is under C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	below	1
1 T is at U’s 9 o'clock.
2 T is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 I is upper left of Z.
2 I and F are side by side with I to the right and F to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	right	1
1 G is at the bottom and C is on the top.
2 X is over there and G is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	below	1
1 D is diagonally left and below R.
2 R is sitting at the upper left position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
2 E and Y are parallel, and Y is below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	below	1
1 Q is on the right and D is on the left.
2 R is to the top of D vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	right	1
1 I is at the bottom and A is on the top.
2 A is to the bottom-left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 C is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 F and H are horizontal and F is to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	left	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 A is on the right and B is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
2 C is sitting at the upper right position to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned above Y.
2 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 S is upper left of R.
2 H is below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the bottom left of B.
2 R is at T’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 C is above D and to the right of D.
2 C is south west of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally right and below G.
2 G is sitting at the upper left position to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally left and below L.
2 Z and Q are in a horizontal line with Q on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
2 A is below and to the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	above	1
1 E is to the top right of A.
2 G is placed at the lower right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 A is above and to the right of Y.
2 A is placed on the top of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	left	1
1 D is placed at the upper left of I.
2 The object T and D are there. The object T is below and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 D is directly south west of S.
2 U is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face U.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 V and J are horizontal and V is to the right of J.
2 K is sitting at the lower position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 The object O is positioned below and to the left of the object S.
2 D is to the right of S horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, K is located between 2 and 3.
2 L is above G at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, E is located between 10 and 11.
2 B is to the bottom left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	left	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
2 N and V are in a vertical line with V below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	below	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper righthand corner.
2 F is to the bottom-left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of D.
2 B presents below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 G is at the bottom of N vertically.
2 G is diagonally right and below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 H presents upper right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	above	1
1 G is on the upper right of E.
2 L is above E with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 R is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, P is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 A and B are next to each other with B at the bottom A on the top.
2 A is diagonally below F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of Y.
2 T is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the bottom right of J.
2 V is directly below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the top position to P.
2 L is at the lower side of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	above	1
1 J and H are next to each other with H at the bottom J on the top.
2 J is under X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 O is placed at the bottom of S.
2 M is diagonally right and above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 C is on the left side and above M.
2 B is on the top of C and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 K is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 Q is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
2 B is north east of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 X is below A and to the right of A.
2 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object M.
2 If K is the center of a clock face, N is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned in the front right corner of I.
2 D is on top of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	right	1
1 A is above and to the left of L.
2 J is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 N is over there and S is on the left.
2 H is diagonally right and below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 K is below R at 4 o'clock.
2 T and R are side by side with T on the top and R at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	below	1
1 I is placed at the bottom of V.
2 F presents upper right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 J and U are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
2 J presents upper right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly below H.
2 P is diagonally below J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	below	1
1 A and Q are vertical and A is below Q.
2 Q is directly below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	above	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 The object C is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 N is below X at 7 o'clock.
2 N is diagonally to the upper right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 E and S are horizontal and E is to the right of S.
2 B is above S at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	above	1
1 S is diagonally left and below C.
2 V is positioned below S and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 E is diagonally right and below T.
2 E is sitting at the lower position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of A.
2 A is to the bottom right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 C is positioned left to P.
2 V is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 P and O are side by side with O at the bottom and P on the top.
2 O is north west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	above	1
1 B presents left to R.
2 R is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	left	1
1 S is sitting at the lower right position to C.
2 P is placed at the upper right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 F and N are parallel, and F is under N.
2 F is upper right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	below	1
1 C is positioned above X.
2 C and M are next to each other with M at the bottom C on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	below	1
1 B and M are next to each other with M at the bottom B on the top.
2 P is at the bottom of M vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	above	1
1 W is at N's 12 o'clock.
2 N is positioned above J.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	above	1
1 Z is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
2 The object Y is positioned directly above the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	above	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of V.
2 K is above and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 R is below J.
2 J is sitting in the right direction of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 V and E are both there with the object E below the object V.
2 M presents upper left to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 K is to the top-left of J.
2 O is over there and J is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 S and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 C is on the right side and top of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 I and Q are both there with the object I above the object Q.
2 M is positioned in the front right corner of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 B is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Y is placed in the left direction of H.
2 S and H are horizontal and S is to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 Q is below M with a small gap between them.
2 Q is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the left of P.
2 If P is the center of a clock face, I is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 If N is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 4 and 5.
2 J is on the left side to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
2 M is below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 E and L are side by side with L at the bottom and E on the top.
2 E is positioned above J.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	above	1
1 W is diagonally to the bottom right of N.
2 Y and N are parallel, and Y is on top of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	above	1
1 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
2 L is south east of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 G and L are parallel, and G is to the left of L.
2 N is over L.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the left of V and below V at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 X is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 R is lower left to B.
2 E is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 G is over there with A below.
2 X is south east of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	above	1
1 Z and K are horizontal and Z is to the left of K.
2 E is on the top side to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S is above N.
2 I is to the upper left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 K is over there and U is on the right.
2 M and U are side by side with M to the right and U to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	left	1
1 M and V are parallel, and M on the right of V.
2 M is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	above	1
1 Q and Y are next to each other with Q on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	above	1
1 B is south east of S.
2 I is below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	right	1
1 C is positioned above and to the left of Y.
2 J is to the top of C vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	above	1
1 S is directly north east of C.
2 The object X is positioned directly above the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 T is positioned in the top left corner of J.
2 T is on the right side and below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned in the top left corner of L.
2 L is positioned left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 A and J are side by side with A to the left and J to the right.
2 J is placed at the upper left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	left	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom left of O.
2 B is south west of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 V is on the left side of and below E.
2 E is to the right of X horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	right	1
1 J and B are in a vertical line with B below J.
2 J is on the left and I is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the top right of K.
2 J and M are parallel, and J is to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 N is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 H is at F's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	right	1
1 B is above and to the right of C.
2 U is placed at the upper left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The object S is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
2 S is to the left of V horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	right	1
1 G is above and to the right of J.
2 F is positioned right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	left	1
1 Q and D are in a horizontal line with Q on the left.
2 D is over there and V is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	right	1
1 L is there and R is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 L and Q are parallel, and L is on top of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 R is on the right side to B.
2 B is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	left	1
1 X is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 J is to the bottom-right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	above	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
2 A is diagonally to the upper right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	left	1
1 C presents upper right to J.
2 C is positioned below O and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 A is on the upper right of H.
2 A is at the bottom of V vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 V is lower left to J.
2 V is placed on the top of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	below	1
1 J and M are vertical and J is above M.
2 S is over there and M is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	above	1
1 T and F are next to each other with T on the left and F on the right.
2 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned right to V.
2 H and V are vertical and H is above V.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 W is diagonally left and below G.
2 E is positioned below and to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
2 Q is over O.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	above	1
1 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
2 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 J presents lower left to X.
2 X is sitting in the left direction of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	left	1
1 N is above F and to the right of F.
2 F and T are horizontal and F is to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Object T is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	left	1
1 V is positioned down and to the left of E.
2 E is on the right side to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	above	1
1 J and I are both there with the object J is to the right of object I.
2 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	right	1
1 S is at the bottom and H is on the top.
2 G is directly north west of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 J is positioned right to D.
2 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	right	1
1 Z is positioned right to A.
2 If A is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned up and to the right of Y.
2 D is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 M is placed on the top of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 F is directly north east of Y.
2 Z is there and F is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 C is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 L is positioned in the lower left corner of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	right	1
1 S is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 Q is over there and D is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	above	1
1 O is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 S is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly above G.
2 T is diagonally to the upper right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 W presents lower right to S.
2 H is above S with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 V is at the bottom of G vertically.
2 Y is below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	above	1
1 R and L are in a horizontal line with R on the left.
2 L is on top of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 A and R are next to each other with A on the left and R on the right.
2 A is sitting in the left direction of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	left	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 J is positioned above A and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 F is below S at 4 o'clock.
2 S and R are parallel, and S on the right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 E is at Y's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	left	1
1 E is diagonally above T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	above	1
1 Q is positioned right to M.
2 W is positioned left to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	right	1
1 B is diagonally left and above B.
2 The object V is upper and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	above	1
1 The objects S and Q are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 U and S are parallel, and S is below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 L is at Z's 12 o'clock.
2 K is on the upper right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 Object F is above object A and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the top-left of A.
2 U is at the bottom of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 N is directly south west of H.
2 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally left and above T.
2 If J is the center of a clock face, N is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 W is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 I is placed in the left direction of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 The object L is positioned directly below the object F.
2 Z is sitting at the lower right position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 U and E are in a vertical line with E below U.
2 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	above	1
1 D is positioned below X and to the left.
2 D and R are parallel, and R is below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	below	1
1 D is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
2 N is at the bottom and D is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	above	1
1 V and N are vertical and V is below N.
2 W is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally above N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	left	1
1 K and S are both there with the object K is to the right of object S.
2 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	below	1
1 B is placed in the left direction of I.
2 I is over there and Z is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	right	1
1 W is on the same horizontal plane directly right to M.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J is above U and to the right of U.
2 Z is over J.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the left side of and below O.
2 Y is sitting at the upper right position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 F and C are parallel, and F is to the left of C.
2 I is sitting at the upper right position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 E is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 U is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the right side and top of H.
2 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object U.
2 T is to the bottom left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The objects W and L are over there. The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 O and W are both there with the object O above the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	left	1
1 S is positioned left to J.
2 H is on the right side and below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	right	1
1 D is positioned up and to the right of X.
2 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The objects L and H are over there. The object L is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	left	1
1 U presents left to W.
2 Z is upper left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the left of F.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, D is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	left	1
1 S is at Z's 12 o'clock.
2 P is above S with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	above	1
1 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of V.
2 O and N are next to each other with N at the bottom O on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 D is to the left of W and below W at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 W is over there and V is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 N is on top of A.
2 N is over there with G below.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	below	1
1 A and K are both there with the object A is to the left of object K.
2 I is sitting at the lower left position to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	below	1
1 P and W are side by side with P to the left and W to the right.
2 A is directly north west of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 B is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
2 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 M presents lower left to K.
2 L and K are parallel, and K is below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 G is above and to the right of O.
2 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 N is at A's 6 o'clock.
2 A and K are parallel, and A is to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
2 H is over there and P is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 T is over X.
2 J is above X with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	below	1
1 B is at F’s 9 o'clock.
2 Y and B are both there with the object B below the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	right	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
2 I is upper left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the top and I is at the bottom.
2 I is south east of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	right	1
1 O is diagonally right and below U.
2 V is sitting at the upper right position to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 K is positioned down and to the left of L.
2 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 N is at O's 3 o'clock.
2 O and I are side by side with O to the left and I to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
2 J and V are parallel, and J on the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to K.
2 E is on the top and B is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	below	1
1 P and Y are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
2 C is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	right	1
1 T is below and to the left of G.
2 T is at the bottom of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	left	1
1 V is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
2 J is to the top of V vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	above	1
1 A is at the bottom of H.
2 The objects A and I are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 C is to the bottom-left of G.
2 Z and C are parallel, and Z is under C.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 M is upper left of F.
2 E is to the top right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 Q is directly south east of K.
2 K is over there with G below.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled O is positioned to the left of the object labeled W.
2 W presents left to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper right of H.
2 M is diagonally left and below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 R presents upper left to P.
2 R is north east of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
2 W is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	right	1
1 W is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 B is positioned above T and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned below B.
2 I is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 A is below D and to the left of D.
2 T is on the left side of and below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 V is below L at 7 o'clock.
2 V is positioned in the top left corner of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the left of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 B is positioned above E and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 N is at O's 3 o'clock.
2 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 P is on the right and W is on the left.
2 W presents below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The objects N and K are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 K is above Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	below	1
1 I is placed on the top of C.
2 I is to the right of R horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 U is on the lower right of Q.
2 F is positioned up and to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to G.
2 G and C are vertical and G is above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
2 P is above and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	right	1
1 P is over there and U is at the bottom of it.
2 C and P are next to each other with C on the top and P at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	below	1
1 N is below U and to the right of U.
2 N is at the bottom of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	above	1
1 U is above X and to the left of X.
2 W is positioned above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of W.
2 O is positioned above and to the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	right	1
1 L and I are side by side with L to the left and I to the right.
2 L is positioned below M and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 W is over there and S is on the left.
2 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 M and P are parallel, and M is under P.
2 M is placed at the lower left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	below	1
1 X is at T’s 9 o'clock.
2 X is diagonally to the upper right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
2 Z is positioned below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	above	1
1 I is on the left and K is on the right.
2 L is to the upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Object G is above object H and to the left of it, too.
2 G is directly below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 S is over there and G is on the left of it.
2 S is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the bottom of E.
2 E and V are both there with the object E is to the right of object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	right	1
1 Q is placed at the bottom of S.
2 W is over there and S is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	below	1
1 F is diagonally above V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 V is directly south west of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 S is below I at 4 o'clock.
2 U is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	left	1
1 Object T is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 Y is under Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, N is located between 7 and 8.
2 N is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	right	1
1 R is at C's 3 o'clock.
2 C is above B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 I is on the left side of and below M.
2 I is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 A is directly below W.
2 X is to the top-left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	below	1
1 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
2 P is sitting at the 6:00 position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom left of P.
2 P and B are side by side with P to the left and B to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	left	1
1 H is directly north west of P.
2 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object V.
2 Q is diagonally right and below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	left	1
1 Q is to the top of T vertically.
2 T is at P's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 A is sitting at the 6:00 position to Q.
2 A is diagonally to the bottom right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
2 G is diagonally right and below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object M and H are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 Y is on the right and M is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 C is below and to the left of D.
2 H is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 A presents lower right to T.
2 S is directly south east of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O and K are parallel, and O is to the left of K.
2 L presents left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, K is located between 2 and 3.
2 K is to the top right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 U and G are both there with the object U is to the left of object G.
2 W is directly north east of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the upper left of N.
2 S is over there with C below.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 O and C are next to each other with C at the bottom O on the top.
2 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the left side and above A.
2 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to O.
2 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 I is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 A is diagonally right and above M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 J is placed on the top of E.
2 P is placed at the bottom of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	below	1
1 T is sitting at the lower left position to W.
2 W is directly north west of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	right	1
1 U is sitting at the upper left position to C.
2 C is below F at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 B and P are in a horizontal line with B on the left.
2 P is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 T is to the top-left of V.
2 A is to the left of V with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	below	1
1 G is above and to the left of C.
2 C is diagonally below E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 T and U are in a horizontal line with U on the right.
2 A is sitting at the lower position to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 U presents right to R.
2 E is north east of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 Q is at the bottom of F vertically.
2 H is to the top right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 O is above Z with a small gap between them.
2 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 I presents lower right to B.
2 The object I and C are there. The object I is below and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 F is over there and Z is on the right of it.
2 E is there and Z is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	right	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
2 Z is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 C is below X with a small gap between them.
2 C is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	below	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the lower righthand corner.
2 U and E are vertical and U is above E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The objects T and F are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 R is to the left of S horizontally.
2 B presents upper left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	right	1
1 H presents below N.
2 N is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	right	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
2 U is on the left side to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	left	1
1 H is positioned above E and to the right.
2 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 C is at K's 12 o'clock.
2 J is over there and C is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 N and Q are horizontal and N is to the right of Q.
2 N is to the right of Z horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	left	1
1 L is above O and to the left of O.
2 Q is over there with L below.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 G is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
2 K is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object O.
2 O is above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 D is placed in the right direction of J.
2 D is sitting in the right direction of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 T is over there and C is on the top of it.
2 T is to the top right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	below	1
1 Object T is below object J and to the left of it, too.
2 M is diagonally below T to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Z is below A and to the left of A.
2 A and H are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 T presents lower right to H.
2 T is to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	below	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
2 T is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 W is on the top of A and is on the same vertical plane.
2 The object A is positioned directly above the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	above	1
1 T is diagonally left and below O.
2 K is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	below	1
1 Q is sitting in the left direction of S.
2 S is directly above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	below	1
1 A and Q are both there with the object A is to the left of object Q.
2 If A is the center of a clock face, E is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 S presents lower left to Z.
2 Z is sitting in the left direction of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Y is over there and G is on the left.
2 K is sitting at the 9:00 position of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Object E is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 Z presents upper right to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned above N.
2 S is above N and to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	below	1
1 Object B is below object E and to the left of it, too.
2 B and M are in a vertical line with B on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 P is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally below V to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 Object X is below object V and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to M.
2 C is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W is positioned up and to the right of T.
2 W and P are parallel, and W is to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally above I to the right at a 45 degree.
2 E is to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	right	1
1 H is placed in the right direction of V.
2 H is sitting at the lower position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper right of M.
2 M is diagonally to the upper left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 L is to the bottom left of O.
2 A is sitting at the upper right position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 Z is above and to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 D is on top of A.
2 D is placed at the upper right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object N and to the right of it, too.
2 A is lower left to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 X and T are side by side with X to the right and T to the left.
2 T is on the right side and below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 V and F are next to each other with V on the left and F on the right.
2 F is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q is positioned above and to the left of B.
2 R is sitting at the lower position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	above	1
1 G and U are side by side with G to the right and U to the left.
2 G is upper right to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	right	1
1 J is lower right of A.
2 The object Q is positioned directly above the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	below	1
1 M is over there and Y is directly above it.
2 S is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 N is over there and V is directly above it.
2 X is over there with N below.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	below	1
1 L is on the right side to A.
2 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 P and M are both there with the object P is to the right of object M.
2 P is directly below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 O is on the lower right of Z.
2 Z is to the left of V with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 J is there and O is at the 2 position of a clock face J.
2 Q is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	left	1
1 V is to the right of G.
2 The object V and P are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 G is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 Y is over there with C above.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Q is directly above S.
2 The objects E and Q are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 A is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
2 G is on the right side to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 L is diagonally to the bottom left of S.
2 G is directly south east of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 Q is south west of H.
2 H and L are vertical and H is below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 O is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
2 O is positioned below Z and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	below	1
1 Q is at L's 6 o'clock.
2 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	above	1
1 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
2 R and B are horizontal and R is to the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	right	1
1 H is positioned above T and to the right.
2 H is on top of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	left	1
1 D is over there with H above.
2 Q is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 M and J are parallel, and M is to the right of J.
2 M is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	right	1
1 J is on the top side to X.
2 X presents upper right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 N and V are next to each other with V at the bottom N on the top.
2 Y is south west of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 N and J are parallel, and N is to the right of J.
2 N is to the right of V horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	left	1
1 O is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 O is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	right	1
1 G is positioned below J.
2 J is positioned in the top left corner of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	above	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper right of B.
2 G and V are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting at the 3:00 position to V.
2 F is over there and H is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 A is to the bottom left of Q.
2 A and F are parallel, and A is on top of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 K is below A and to the left of A.
2 A is below S with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
2 W and S are parallel, and W is on top of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	below	1
1 X and H are in a vertical line with H below X.
2 X is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 Y is lower right of V.
2 V is positioned left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	below	1
1 W is diagonally left and above W.
2 If J is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
2 Z and V are parallel, and Z is over V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 T is to the bottom right of M.
2 M is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	below	1
1 P is positioned in the front right corner of A.
2 R is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 I is below A with a small gap between them.
2 I and R are parallel, and R is below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	above	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
2 Z is north west of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there and P is on the right of it.
2 K presents over P.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	above	1
1 B and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom B on the top.
2 W is positioned below Y and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the right of D horizontally.
2 C is over there and W is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	right	1
1 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
2 D is to the bottom left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	below	1
1 J is at K's 12 o'clock.
2 J presents lower left to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	above	1
1 M and R are parallel, and M is under R.
2 M is below W and to the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	right	1
1 The object D is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 D is below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	above	1
1 P is positioned above U and to the right.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	left	1
1 U presents upper left to B.
2 B is lower right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Q is directly north east of S.
2 A and S are in a vertical line with S below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	below	1
1 V is to the right of F with a small gap between them.
2 S and V are parallel, and S on the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	right	1
1 F is above and to the right of Z.
2 L is upper right to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the left of W with a small gap between them.
2 The object labeled H is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 T is at D's 6 o'clock.
2 The object D is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	above	1
1 G is lower right of F.
2 J is at F’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 P is diagonally to the upper right of G.
2 U is to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting at the lower right position to V.
2 V is sitting in the right direction of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 S and Z are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
2 E is on the left side and above K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the top position to P.
2 D is directly above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 N and S are parallel, and N on the left of S.
2 N is on the left side and above V.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	left	1
1 Y is positioned right to X.
2 X is positioned below N and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object T.
2 R and W are both there with the object R is to the left of object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 J is below and to the left of I.
2 C presents below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	above	1
1 N is over there and O is directly above it.
2 O is above F with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	above	1
1 M and P are vertical and M is below P.
2 P is over there and U is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 C is over there with M below.
2 P is above M and to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	above	1
1 T is lower right of K.
2 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting in the left direction of I.
2 N is above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	left	1
1 N is at the bottom and H is on the top.
2 H is diagonally left and below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	above	1
1 L is at the bottom and B is on the top.
2 L is diagonally to the bottom left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	right	1
1 W is placed in the left direction of S.
2 W is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 R is south west of F.
2 F is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	above	1
1 D is on the right side to E.
2 D is diagonally left and below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	right	1
1 R is positioned above and to the left of H.
2 H is over there with T above.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 H is directly south west of E.
2 H is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 X and O are parallel, and X is on top of O.
2 O is directly below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 U and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
2 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	left	1
1 G presents over W.
2 The object L and W are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 W is placed in the right direction of Z.
2 Q is to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 M is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 D and M are parallel, and D on the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 I is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
2 U and B are in a horizontal line with U on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	right	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 T is placed on the top of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 O is at the bottom of E vertically.
2 M and E are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper righthand corner.
2 L is above K and to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 N is on the right side and top of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the right of U.
2 P and Z are parallel, and Z is below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	above	1
1 N is positioned up and to the right of U.
2 J is to the top right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Z is directly north east of S.
2 Z is to the bottom-left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned up and to the right of S.
2 D is to the bottom left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 U and X are next to each other with X on the right and U on the left.
2 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	right	1
1 T and G are side by side with T to the left and G to the right.
2 T and R are next to each other with R at the bottom T on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to N.
2 The objects N and I are over there. The object N is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	above	1
1 C is on the same vertical plane directly below D.
2 C is north west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 W is to the right of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 N is on the same vertical plane directly above W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, O is located between 7 and 8.
2 J is diagonally left and below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 V and J are both there with the object V above the object J.
2 If J is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 X and E are vertical and X is below E.
2 A presents upper left to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object H is positioned directly above the object K.
2 Object H is below object E and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of O.
2 L is placed at the bottom of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	below	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
2 D is on the right side and below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 C presents right to L.
2 O is over there with L below.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	above	1
1 A and V are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
2 J and V are parallel, and V is below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 V is placed at the bottom of M.
2 V is to the top of W vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	above	1
1 H is on the same vertical plane directly below K.
2 H presents over U.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 X is over there and F is directly below it.
2 U is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 A and T are side by side with A to the right and T to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	right	1
1 D is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 P is diagonally to the upper left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	left	1
1 P is positioned below W and to the right.
2 W and G are parallel, and W on the left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	below	1
1 V presents below F.
2 Q is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 G and F are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
2 Object X is above object F and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 R and K are side by side with R to the left and K to the right.
2 R is above C at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	right	1
1 H is over there and Q is on the right of it.
2 O is placed in the right direction of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	left	1
1 O is directly above T.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 U is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 W is over there and I is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	left	1
1 Q is directly north east of O.
2 V is placed at the lower left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
2 R is diagonally right and below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	right	1
1 I is to the right of R with a small gap between them.
2 U and R are next to each other with R at the bottom U on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	left	1
1 S is positioned below W and to the left.
2 W is placed at the lower left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 V is diagonally right and below L.
2 Y is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, H is located between 10 and 11.
2 The object Q is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	left	1
1 R and E are side by side with R to the right and E to the left.
2 If E is the center of a clock face, S is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 A is directly south west of Y.
2 Q and Y are parallel, and Q is to the left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned in the top left corner of I.
2 I is to the bottom-left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 K and J are vertical and K is above J.
2 F is above K with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	above	1
1 K is lower right of T.
2 M and T are next to each other with M on the left and T on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	left	1
1 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
2 The object labeled G is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	left	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 Y and W are parallel, and Y is to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	left	1
1 F and B are parallel, and F is on top of B.
2 B is on the left side to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	right	1
1 Z and W are next to each other with Z on the top and W at the bottom.
2 G is positioned right to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	below	1
1 N is at the bottom of I vertically.
2 U is directly north east of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	above	1
1 P is at the bottom and E is on the top.
2 E is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Z is positioned above W and to the right.
2 W is at G's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the bottom right of M.
2 C is on the upper right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 F and Z are side by side with F on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
2 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	left	1
1 W is on the right side and top of G.
2 W is to the bottom-right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the top-right of W.
2 V and W are side by side with W at the bottom and V on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	above	1
1 T is on the left side to W.
2 W presents right to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 S is to the top right of G.
2 D and G are parallel, and D on the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to R.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 N and J are side by side with N to the right and J to the left.
2 X is to the top of J vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	right	1
1 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to K.
2 K is positioned above E.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	right	1
1 G is over there and E is on the left.
2 W is below E and to the left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	left	1
1 T is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 T is positioned below and to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Y is placed at the upper right of G.
2 J and Y are parallel, and J is to the left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 The objects P and Z are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	below	1
1 F and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom F on the top.
2 F and Y are side by side with F on the top and Y at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 Z is above and to the left of A.
2 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
2 J and I are next to each other with J on the top and I at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 V is positioned below D and to the left.
2 E is sitting at the upper left position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
2 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 G is on the left side to D.
2 G presents lower left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	above	1
1 A is on the top and Q is at the bottom.
2 Q is above O with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	below	1
1 B is directly north west of M.
2 D and M are next to each other with M on the right and D on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	left	1
1 Q presents right to I.
2 S is upper left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	right	1
1 J and I are parallel, and J on the right of I.
2 I is lower left to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 S is above W with a small gap between them.
2 R is placed in the left direction of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 V presents lower left to W.
2 V and A are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the upper left of X.
2 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	above	1
1 K and M are side by side with M at the bottom and K on the top.
2 K is sitting at the lower left position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
2 E is to the bottom-left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 K is north west of L.
2 K is diagonally below Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 D is positioned left to H.
2 B is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent B?	left	1
1 X is placed at the upper right of R.
2 I is over there and R is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	left	1
1 R is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 U is positioned up and to the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 U and M are side by side with U to the right and M to the left.
2 M is to the left of A with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	left	1
1 Q and L are horizontal and Q is to the right of L.
2 K is positioned in the top left corner of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the top of U vertically.
2 J is on the left side and above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	left	1
1 E is diagonally below A to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 A is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 B is diagonally to the upper right of I.
2 Object B is above object R and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 D is positioned below and to the right of J.
2 R is sitting at the upper right position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Y is directly north west of T.
2 T is on the left and L is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the top side to W.
2 S is lower right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
2 I is over there and K is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 J is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Z presents right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 V is placed at the upper left of B.
2 I presents lower right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
2 V and N are side by side with V to the left and N to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 I is to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Q is south west of B.
2 B is to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	left	1
1 J and T are next to each other with T on the right and J on the left.
2 S and T are in a vertical line with T below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	right	1
1 A and P are next to each other with P at the bottom A on the top.
2 P and M are both there with the object P above the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	above	1
1 Y is to the bottom-right of U.
2 Y is upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 G is sitting at the lower left position to X.
2 K is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 C presents left to I.
2 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 L is below D and to the right of D.
2 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	left	1
1 S is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
2 L is on the left side and above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 T is to the upper left of I.
2 T is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	left	1
1 E is there and G is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 C and G are parallel, and C on the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 J is above G at 10 o'clock.
2 R is diagonally to the bottom right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Y and J are parallel, and Y on the left of J.
2 N is to the bottom left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 I is at the bottom of R.
2 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	below	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
2 X and A are parallel, and X is to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	right	1
1 U is positioned above Q.
2 Q is on the right side to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	below	1
1 X is over there with Q above.
2 Q is above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	above	1
1 P is to the left of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 P is sitting at the 6:00 position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	right	1
1 O is on the left side of and below M.
2 R is on the top and O is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	left	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is positioned directly above the object V.
2 V is above N at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	above	1
1 I is above X.
2 I is on the same vertical plane directly below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	above	1
1 X is positioned in the front right corner of T.
2 O is south east of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Q is to the left of E with a small gap between them.
2 E and G are parallel, and E is to the left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	right	1
1 E is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 T is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object E.
2 Z is placed at the upper right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 N is to the top of X vertically.
2 N is placed at the lower left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 M is at D's 12 o'clock.
2 M and C are parallel, and M is under C.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	below	1
1 D is at the bottom of G.
2 D is placed in the left direction of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	left	1
1 M is below Z at 7 o'clock.
2 J is north west of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
2 M and I are horizontal and M is to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent M?	right	1
1 J is on the left side and above W.
2 N is over there and W is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	above	1
1 L is on the left side and above V.
2 L and K are side by side with L to the left and K to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 V is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
2 Q is to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 D is below F at 7 o'clock.
2 D is placed in the right direction of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	left	1
1 R is diagonally right and above F.
2 G is to the left of R horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	below	1
1 H is on the lower left of A.
2 M is over there and A is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	left	1
1 H is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Q is to the top of F vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	left	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly above the object G.
2 J is over there and G is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	above	1
1 J is positioned left to B.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 C and P are horizontal and C is to the right of P.
2 P is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of J.
2 Z is to the right of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 B is directly south west of W.
2 F and B are side by side with F on the top and B at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	above	1
1 B and O are vertical and B is below O.
2 S is positioned up and to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the bottom-left of Z.
2 W is at the bottom of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	right	1
1 Z is to the bottom left of Q.
2 B is at Q's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting in the right direction of X.
2 Y is on the top of S and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	above	1
1 A is directly north east of E.
2 E presents lower left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Z and C are vertical and Z is above C.
2 Object C is below object P and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 I is positioned in the top left corner of W.
2 O is at W's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	left	1
1 V is on the right side and below C.
2 V is at the bottom of P and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	above	1
1 Y is positioned in the top left corner of H.
2 Z is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 R is on top of M.
2 U is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	above	1
1 E and Z are parallel, and E is on top of Z.
2 Z is above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
2 Y is over there with U above.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	below	1
1 K is positioned in the front right corner of I.
2 I is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	below	1
1 W and G are in a horizontal line with W on the left.
2 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	right	1
1 T is positioned down and to the left of F.
2 T and Z are next to each other with Z on the right and T on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
2 E is over there with K above.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	left	1
1 U is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
2 Y is over there and L is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	left	1
1 R is to the right of L and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Y is sitting in the right direction of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 O and U are next to each other with U at the bottom O on the top.
2 O is north east of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	left	1
1 B is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
2 B is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	below	1
1 X is at the bottom and K is on the top.
2 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	right	1
1 H is to the top of C vertically.
2 C is placed on the top of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	below	1
1 The objects E and G are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
2 G is to the bottom-right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the left of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 N is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	above	1
1 I is directly south east of D.
2 I is diagonally right and above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 P and Y are both there with the object P is to the right of object Y.
2 Y is at K's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The objects E and P are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	left	1
1 Q is lower right of Z.
2 Q is above T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	below	1
1 T is placed at the bottom of O.
2 W is over there and T is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 B is diagonally left and below X.
2 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 S presents below F.
2 T is there and S is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Y and D are next to each other with Y on the top and D at the bottom.
2 L is at the bottom of D vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	below	1
1 P is at the bottom and B is on the top.
2 T is sitting in the right direction of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned up and to the right of G.
2 H is above G with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	left	1
1 T is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 R and T are parallel, and R is to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	above	1
1 Z is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 E and Z are in a horizontal line with Z on the right.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	left	1
1 N is below E with a small gap between them.
2 N is to the left of H and below H at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	left	1
1 O is over there and M is directly below it.
2 O is directly south west of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y and W are next to each other with W at the bottom Y on the top.
2 Object R is below object Y and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	right	1
1 W is above and to the left of D.
2 W is on the top and O is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	right	1
1 K is upper right to U.
2 K and Z are horizontal and K is to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	right	1
1 O is to the bottom right of L.
2 O is above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 P is below S and to the left of S.
2 P is at C’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	below	1
1 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object B.
2 T is above B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, T is located between 4 and 5.
2 U is positioned above D and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 M is above P at 10 o'clock.
2 T is on the left side to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the bottom of G.
2 P is diagonally above K to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 X is below and to the right of Q.
2 Q is placed at the lower right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 O is positioned below A and to the right.
2 U is positioned in the front right corner of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	left	1
1 S and T are parallel, and S on the right of T.
2 S and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom S on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Object P is below object A and to the left of it, too.
2 K is to the top of P vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	above	1
1 I is directly south east of N.
2 X is diagonally to the upper right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 N and W are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
2 W and J are in a vertical line with W on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	below	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 I is positioned in the top left corner of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	left	1
1 R and M are next to each other with R on the top and M at the bottom.
2 N is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	right	1
1 U and V are side by side with U to the left and V to the right.
2 If V is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to M.
2 P is at J’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 T is directly north west of V.
2 V is over there and F is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 G is on the upper right of H.
2 H and A are in a vertical line with A below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 F is positioned right to X.
2 The object F and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	left	1
1 F is at L's 6 o'clock.
2 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	below	1
1 B is diagonally left and above B.
2 J is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	above	1
1 R is sitting in the left direction of H.
2 D is to the top-right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the lower position to B.
2 B is to the upper left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	left	1
1 P is to the bottom right of Y.
2 Y is over there and L is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	left	1
1 O is lower right of V.
2 V and B are next to each other with B at the bottom V on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	left	1
1 N is positioned down and to the left of S.
2 L is diagonally left and above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 C and Z are both there with the object C above the object Z.
2 C presents below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	above	1
1 The objects X and R are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
2 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 B is positioned in the top left corner of U.
2 C presents left to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	right	1
1 R is on the left and N is on the right.
2 N presents right to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	left	1
1 G and A are side by side with A at the bottom and G on the top.
2 R is over there and A is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	above	1
1 L is diagonally left and below F.
2 W is over there and L is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	below	1
1 V is north west of J.
2 V is over there and L is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 E is at the bottom of F.
2 F presents right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	below	1
1 C is below M with a small gap between them.
2 M is over there with H above.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent M?	above	1
1 U is over there and C is on the left of it.
2 H is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	left	1
1 M is diagonally above R to the right at a 45 degree.
2 F is north west of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	right	1
1 L is on the right side and top of K.
2 K and Q are both there with the object Q below the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 O is above B.
2 F presents left to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 C is to the left of J with a small gap between them.
2 C is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned above F and to the left.
2 F and V are next to each other with V on the right and F on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 P is diagonally below H to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Q is positioned up and to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 A and X are in a horizontal line with X on the right.
2 H is above A with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	right	1
1 E is positioned above G.
2 N is below and to the left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 L presents lower left to F.
2 F is at the bottom of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	above	1
1 E is over there and R is on the left.
2 E is directly south east of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	below	1
1 Object Q is above object G and to the left of it, too.
2 I and Q are side by side with I to the right and Q to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the left of object C.
2 Q is at the bottom and G is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	above	1
1 M is on the left side of and below U.
2 B presents over M.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	left	1
1 L is over there with C above.
2 N is positioned in the front right corner of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 V is over there with N below.
2 V is at the 6 o'clock position relative to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 G is sitting in the left direction of Y.
2 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	left	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly below the object Z.
2 Z is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	above	1
1 E is positioned below C.
2 K is on the right side to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	left	1
1 X and L are both there with the object L below the object X.
2 X and F are parallel, and X is over F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper left of K.
2 E is above K and to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 If S is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
2 S is positioned down and to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	below	1
1 Y is sitting at the top position to M.
2 The object M and E are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Y is over there and L is on the left of it.
2 L is on the top side to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W and Q are parallel, and W on the right of Q.
2 Q and P are parallel, and P is below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 M is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
2 K is over there and V is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 V is above L at 10 o'clock.
2 The object labeled L is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent D?	left	1
1 K is to the right of Z horizontally.
2 K is on the right side and top of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 F and L are side by side with F to the left and L to the right.
2 K is north west of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 V is on the right side and below S.
2 The object S and P are there. The object S is below and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the upper left of D.
2 H and D are in a vertical line with H on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 F is placed at the upper right of W.
2 F is diagonally to the upper left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	right	1
1 The object R is upper and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 H is directly north east of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Q is below E at 4 o'clock.
2 E and M are parallel, and E on the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
2 X is above R at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 H is directly above N.
2 N is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	below	1
1 U is lower left to K.
2 H is diagonally right and above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 S is positioned up and to the right of L.
2 L is diagonally above Y to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 D is on the left and I is on the right.
2 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 K is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 C is slightly off center to the top left and S is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 M and F are parallel, and M on the left of F.
2 F is on the left side of and below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the right side to B.
2 B is positioned up and to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 Y and H are next to each other with Y on the left and H on the right.
2 Y is there and T is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	left	1
1 J is below O.
2 H presents right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	above	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly below A.
2 U is to the left of X horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the left of Z and below Z at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	above	1
1 S is placed at the bottom of T.
2 S is at the bottom and F is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	above	1
1 C is positioned down and to the left of H.
2 B is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the top and D is at the bottom.
2 B is to the right of Y horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 R and Y are side by side with R on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
2 R is sitting at the upper left position to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 I is over there and N is on the right.
2 I is diagonally right and below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 F is diagonally to the upper right of B.
2 F and P are horizontal and F is to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	below	1
1 X and C are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 W is over there and X is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 V and L are parallel, and V is over L.
2 N presents over L.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 O presents upper right to D.
2 Z is on the left side and above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	below	1
1 D is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
2 Q and D are parallel, and Q is on top of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	above	1
1 B and U are parallel, and U is below B.
2 U is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper right position to B.
2 R is to the top of B vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 G is to the upper left of M.
2 D is to the top of G vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 The object T and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 K and T are in a horizontal line with T on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	below	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 B is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 I is over there and S is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 I is above and to the right of H.
2 G is on top of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 P and Q are side by side with P on the top and Q at the bottom.
2 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 O is above B at 2 o'clock.
2 D is at O's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	right	1
1 The objects A and G are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 A is diagonally left and below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 B is at the bottom of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 S is to the bottom right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent B?	below	1
1 The objects Y and W are over there. The object Y is above and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 W is diagonally above S to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the upper left of Y.
2 Y and S are both there with the object S below the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 K is above V and to the right of V.
2 The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
2 F is to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	left	1
1 M is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 S is at the bottom of D vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Object O is above object I and to the left of it, too.
2 H is over there and O is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	below	1
1 P is on the upper right of N.
2 If P is the center of a clock face, B is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object I.
2 E is at the lower side of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	above	1
1 O is at the 6 o'clock position relative to K.
2 D is at K's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 H presents upper right to K.
2 W is at the bottom of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	right	1
1 S is at I's 3 o'clock.
2 Y is diagonally to the upper right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 X and O are horizontal and X is to the right of O.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the left of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 X is to the bottom-right of P.
2 D and X are parallel, and D is to the left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent P?	below	1
1 V and T are vertical and V is above T.
2 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 F is to the top-right of I.
2 The object L is upper and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 P is positioned above and to the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally below K to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 W is to the top right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	left	1
1 S and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
2 A is diagonally right and above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	left	1
1 U is directly below P.
2 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 E and W are side by side with W at the bottom and E on the top.
2 S is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	above	1
1 B is above Q and to the left of Q.
2 N and Q are both there with the object Q below the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	below	1
1 F and P are next to each other with P at the bottom F on the top.
2 O and P are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom right of Q.
2 I is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
2 J is positioned above P and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the top-right of H.
2 H is to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 S and R are side by side with R at the bottom and S on the top.
2 R is at the lower side of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	below	1
1 G is over there with N above.
2 L is above N at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 B is north west of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	right	1
1 C is below Z.
2 S is over there and Z is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	left	1
1 S and B are in a horizontal line with S on the left.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, R is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	right	1
1 R and V are in a vertical line with R on top.
2 V and L are side by side with V on the top and L at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	above	1
1 N is below and to the left of H.
2 H is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 F presents below W.
2 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	left	1
1 F is lower left to P.
2 L is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the bottom and H is on the top.
2 T is to the left of N with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	right	1
1 O is placed at the upper left of T.
2 T is at the bottom and N is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	left	1
1 S is at the 12 o'clock position relative to O.
2 S is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 D presents lower right to W.
2 P is over there with W above.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly left to M.
2 D is there and H is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the top-left of U.
2 M is above U and to the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 W is at the bottom of P.
2 P is sitting in the right direction of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Q and B are parallel, and Q is over B.
2 L and B are vertical and L is above B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 D and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
2 D and S are in a vertical line with D on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 F is above E at 2 o'clock.
2 E presents right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	right	1
1 L is over there and T is directly below it.
2 L is on the left and Y is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is below N at 4 o'clock.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 F and K are next to each other with K at the bottom F on the top.
2 L is directly north west of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned left to I.
2 I is placed at the upper right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Y is diagonally right and below N.
2 T is on top of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	above	1
1 I is over there with U below.
2 H is diagonally below U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	below	1
1 J and F are next to each other with F at the bottom J on the top.
2 J presents right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 J is directly below C.
2 K and C are both there with the object K above the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	above	1
1 P is positioned above S and to the left.
2 G is positioned below S and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	left	1
1 N is positioned below and to the right of Z.
2 J is diagonally left and below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the top-right of Q.
2 C is at the bottom of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Z is over there and K is directly below it.
2 Z is below M at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	below	1
1 W is on the right and O is on the left.
2 O is lower right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Y is over there and G is on the right of it.
2 The object G and V are there. The object G is below and slightly to the right of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	below	1
1 R is lower right of V.
2 R is positioned up and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is at the lower side of X.
2 X is placed in the left direction of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled P.
2 P and F are in a vertical line with P on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 U is sitting at the lower left position to Y.
2 Y is to the right of L with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	right	1
1 X is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 X is below O at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Object V is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 Q presents lower right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 X is placed at the lower left of Q.
2 X is positioned above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally above P to the right at a 45 degree.
2 O presents below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned below H and to the left.
2 R is sitting at the lower left position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 S is at J's 12 o'clock.
2 S is to the top-right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 V is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
2 Q is sitting at the upper right position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 S and K are parallel, and S is over K.
2 V is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	above	1
1 E is on the lower right of O.
2 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	right	1
1 E is sitting at the top position to O.
2 O is above S at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	above	1
1 W is directly above F.
2 W is above P and to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent F?	above	1
1 S is on top of H.
2 S presents below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 C is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
2 C and J are side by side with C to the left and J to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	right	1
1 J and O are parallel, and J is to the left of O.
2 H is at the bottom of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	left	1
1 O is positioned down and to the left of V.
2 E is positioned above O and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 The object M is positioned directly below the object Q.
2 Q is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	below	1
1 R and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
2 K and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	right	1
1 Object S is above object N and to the left of it, too.
2 Q and S are vertical and Q is above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below Q.
2 Q is to the bottom right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Q is directly north west of X.
2 C is positioned below Q and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the top position to O.
2 I is on the same vertical plane directly above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower position to D.
2 P is placed at the bottom of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 T is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 L is on the right side and below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
2 O and X are side by side with O to the left and X to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	left	1
1 F is on the right side and top of H.
2 F and G are next to each other with F on the top and G at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 P is on the right side to D.
2 P is placed at the bottom of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	below	1
1 Object U is below object M and to the right of it, too.
2 U is at A's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is at the bottom of H and is on the same vertical plane.
2 O is to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 F is south west of Y.
2 Y presents lower left to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 E is positioned below U and to the left.
2 H is to the left of E with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the left of J horizontally.
2 M is above D at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the upper left position to O.
2 O is diagonally above I to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object U is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 T is on the left side of and below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there with L above.
2 U is at the bottom of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	below	1
1 F is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 If C is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 J is at Q's 6 o'clock.
2 Q is at R's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	below	1
1 W is above N and to the left of N.
2 H and N are next to each other with N on the right and H on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	left	1
1 J is positioned above F.
2 W is sitting at the top position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	below	1
1 T is over there and D is on the left of it.
2 B is directly below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	right	1
1 S is below R with a small gap between them.
2 If R is the center of a clock face, N is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	right	1
1 H is to the right of Y.
2 Q is on the right side to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	left	1
1 I presents upper right to Y.
2 Y is at C's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	below	1
1 O is to the left of Y and below Y at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 P and U are both there with the object P is to the right of object U.
2 U is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	left	1
1 H is placed in the left direction of P.
2 P is above U with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 S and R are parallel, and S is on top of R.
2 G is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent S?	below	1
1 V presents upper right to L.
2 V is there and K is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 N is above and to the left of C.
2 T and C are horizontal and T is to the right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 R is above and to the right of N.
2 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned above J and to the left.
2 F is on the same vertical plane directly below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 J is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 K is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned right to R.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	below	1
1 N is placed at the bottom of E.
2 N is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the top right of W.
2 K is at the bottom of W vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	below	1
1 H and D are parallel, and H is over D.
2 D is placed at the lower right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 P is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 D is above H at 10 o'clock.
2 Y is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object E is positioned below and to the left of the object X.
2 Y is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 G presents right to F.
2 F is on the top side to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	below	1
1 U is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 L is at the bottom of N and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower right position to M.
2 L is on the left side and above Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
2 C is to the left of R with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	right	1
1 V and A are parallel, and V is to the left of A.
2 P is at the bottom of A and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	left	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of F.
2 Z is above X and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object N is positioned directly above the object S.
2 S is above and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	below	1
1 C and R are both there with the object C is to the right of object R.
2 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly above V.
2 S is to the right of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	below	1
1 B is to the bottom-left of P.
2 P and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 H is placed in the left direction of Z.
2 C and H are next to each other with H at the bottom C on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	left	1
1 T is placed at the upper right of P.
2 T is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned below U.
2 Q is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
2 C is below V with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	left	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, C is located between 10 and 11.
2 B is diagonally left and above B.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 J is below and to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	right	1
1 I and X are side by side with I on the top and X at the bottom.
2 X is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is to the top of J vertically.
2 N is to the left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 A is diagonally to the upper left of R.
2 A and U are both there with the object A is to the left of object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	right	1
1 Q and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 S and Q are parallel, and Q is below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	below	1
1 A is above S and to the left of S.
2 S is placed at the upper right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 P is diagonally left and below N.
2 W and P are in a vertical line with P below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the bottom-left of Y.
2 R is on the same vertical plane directly below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 S is at the 3 o'clock position relative to B.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	below	1
1 If F is the center of a clock face, N is located between 7 and 8.
2 F is positioned above K and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the bottom and F is on the top.
2 F is directly north west of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	right	1
1 I is on the left side of and below G.
2 I is below and to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally right and below M.
2 U is on the left side and above T.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 Q is sitting in the left direction of L.
2 F is at Q's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
2 C is positioned left to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 D is over there and Z is directly above it.
2 Z is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	above	1
1 Y is directly south west of C.
2 Y is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 A is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Object K is below object V and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 W and S are parallel, and W is over S.
2 K is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	above	1
1 O and A are vertical and O is above A.
2 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 I is to the bottom right of S.
2 D is above I at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 P and O are parallel, and P on the left of O.
2 P is placed in the left direction of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 U and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom U on the top.
2 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	below	1
1 F is north east of Z.
2 O is on the right side and below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally right and above A.
2 W and I are side by side with W to the right and I to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 W is directly north east of T.
2 W is above and to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 H is to the left of M.
2 H and E are side by side with H to the left and E to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to K.
2 V presents over P.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 H presents right to P.
2 H is directly north east of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 A is over there and R is on the right of it.
2 W presents right to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	right	1
1 F is below G and to the right of G.
2 G is below and to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 V and M are side by side with V to the right and M to the left.
2 X is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	below	1
1 X is positioned below and to the right of U.
2 S is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 P is over U.
2 P is directly south west of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled A is positioned to the right of the object labeled E.
2 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	right	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
2 P is at the bottom of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 H and V are both there with the object H above the object V.
2 M is on the right side to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
2 U is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	above	1
1 R and J are next to each other with J at the bottom R on the top.
2 J is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Z is over there and S is on the left.
2 V is positioned below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	below	1
1 I is to the upper left of N.
2 E is positioned in the top left corner of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 The object N and G are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 G and H are horizontal and G is to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	right	1
1 The object M and N are there. The object N is above and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 M is at T's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	left	1
1 Y is at the bottom of E vertically.
2 U and Y are next to each other with U on the top and Y at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Q and K are both there with the object Q above the object K.
2 K is at the lower side of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 H is on the left side of and below F.
2 W is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 E and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom E on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	above	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, R is located between 7 and 8.
2 P is upper left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 M is below and to the right of A.
2 X presents right to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 S and U are parallel, and U is below S.
2 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 W is placed at the upper right of Y.
2 W is to the left of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the top-left of S.
2 G is north west of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the top and V is at the bottom.
2 K is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 F is to the left of T horizontally.
2 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	right	1
1 I and L are next to each other with I on the left and L on the right.
2 I and Z are both there with the object Z below the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
2 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 X is over there and Q is on the right.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	right	1
1 R is at the bottom of H vertically.
2 I and H are side by side with I on the top and H at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	above	1
1 M is placed in the left direction of W.
2 The object W is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting at the lower position to Z.
2 H is positioned in the front right corner of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 I is placed at the lower right of T.
2 T is placed in the right direction of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 G is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 G and I are side by side with G on the top and I at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 B is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
2 The object B is positioned above and to the left of object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	below	1
1 Object E is above object A and to the left of it, too.
2 E is above O with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 S is at the bottom of F vertically.
2 S is positioned right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	above	1
1 R and K are side by side with R to the left and K to the right.
2 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 X is directly south east of E.
2 X is lower left to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	right	1
1 Object A is above object U and to the left of it, too.
2 U and O are side by side with O at the bottom and U on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and W is directly above it.
2 T and W are side by side with T on the top and W at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	above	1
1 B is at the 9 o'clock position relative to C.
2 C and Q are both there with the object C is to the left of object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	right	1
1 Q is at a 45 degree angle to H, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 A and H are side by side with A to the left and H to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	below	1
1 I is to the right and above Y at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The object Y is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 H and P are side by side with H on the top and P at the bottom.
2 P and F are next to each other with P on the top and F at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	above	1
1 Z is positioned above and to the left of Q.
2 Q is diagonally right and below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the bottom-right of B.
2 X is positioned left to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
2 Object X is above object M and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	above	1
1 K is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	above	1
1 F is on the right and H is on the left.
2 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	below	1
1 B and I are side by side with B on the top and I at the bottom.
2 W is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	right	1
1 X is on the left side and above A.
2 A and F are in a horizontal line with F on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the upper left of S.
2 I is at the 6 o'clock position relative to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 D is at the bottom and M is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 W is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Q is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
2 D is over Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	right	1
1 If I is the center of a clock face, A is located between 10 and 11.
2 I is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q is below F at 4 o'clock.
2 Q is north west of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned directly above the object P.
2 B and P are vertical and B is above P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 T is to the top of A vertically.
2 A is at the 9 o'clock position relative to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	above	1
1 I and U are parallel, and I is to the left of U.
2 U is positioned below and to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	right	1
1 N is at E’s 9 o'clock.
2 E is placed at the upper right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	left	1
1 A is at Q’s 9 o'clock.
2 U is sitting in the left direction of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 X is above I.
2 The object I is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	above	1
1 S is positioned up and to the right of K.
2 K is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 A and F are parallel, and A on the right of F.
2 V is sitting in the right direction of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	right	1
1 M is on the upper right of D.
2 H is placed at the lower left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 W is at I’s 9 o'clock.
2 W is to the right of R horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	right	1
1 A is on the same vertical plane directly above C.
2 Q is diagonally right and above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	below	1
1 The object labeled H is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
2 Q and H are in a vertical line with H below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
2 J is over there and E is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	left	1
1 B is placed in the left direction of A.
2 B and K are both there with the object B above the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 If W is the center of a clock face, J is located between 7 and 8.
2 M is to the bottom right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Z is positioned below T.
2 T is below E at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 The object T is lower and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 Object V is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Object S is above object A and to the left of it, too.
2 S is above and to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 F and R are side by side with F to the right and R to the left.
2 The object Q is positioned directly above the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	left	1
1 E is on the lower left of V.
2 M is positioned left to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	above	1
1 I is directly north east of N.
2 K and I are vertical and K is below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 V is at the bottom of W vertically.
2 Q is placed at the bottom of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 V is below U and to the right of U.
2 A is over there and V is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
2 Q is sitting at the lower left position to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 Q is below L and to the right of L.
2 C is at the 9 o'clock position relative to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 X presents over M.
2 Z and X are parallel, and Z is to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	left	1
1 G presents over A.
2 A is over there with X below.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	above	1
1 M and A are parallel, and M is on top of A.
2 M is at the 9 o'clock position relative to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	right	1
1 A is at the bottom of Q.
2 A is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned below and to the right of A.
2 F is on the upper right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned in the top left corner of M.
2 M and X are next to each other with X at the bottom M on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 R is over there and O is on the left of it.
2 I is over there and O is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	left	1
1 W is on the lower right of P.
2 U is below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 B is to the upper left of G.
2 B and X are parallel, and B on the left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	right	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to T.
2 I is directly south east of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 F is diagonally right and above D.
2 The objects D and S are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
2 L and I are in a vertical line with L on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	left	1
1 S is north east of T.
2 S is at U's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 X is above K with a small gap between them.
2 K is below Y and to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 I is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 W is positioned below I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 V is sitting at the upper right position to Y.
2 A is to the top-right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 W and L are parallel, and W on the left of L.
2 T and W are vertical and T is below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	above	1
1 The objects F and H are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 T is sitting at the upper left position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	left	1
1 G is placed at the lower right of W.
2 W is positioned below P and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 I is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 The objects Z and I are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	above	1
1 A is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
2 J is to the top-left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 The object X is positioned above and to the left of object H.
2 Q is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the top right of W.
2 U is upper left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 C is sitting at the lower left position to V.
2 V is at the bottom of B vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	below	1
1 F is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
2 F is to the bottom right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Z is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 M is sitting at the lower left position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 M is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 D is over there and I is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 F and Y are next to each other with F on the top and Y at the bottom.
2 Y is over there with A below.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	above	1
1 I and J are parallel, and I on the left of J.
2 L is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	left	1
1 R and F are in a horizontal line with F on the right.
2 F presents over B.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	right	1
1 T is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face T.
2 T is upper left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	below	1
1 N presents over D.
2 N presents left to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 K is diagonally left and below Q.
2 Q and Y are parallel, and Q is to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Q is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 D is to the top right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	left	1
1 P is under Q.
2 A and Q are side by side with A to the left and Q to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 Q and T are both there with the object Q is to the left of object T.
2 Q is to the upper left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	left	1
1 H is above M at 10 o'clock.
2 H is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	below	1
1 If Y is the center of a clock face, D is located between 7 and 8.
2 R is to the bottom-right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 S is on the top and I is at the bottom.
2 S and Q are parallel, and S is to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 L is to the bottom-right of G.
2 V is over there and L is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the upper left of V.
2 J is on the right side and below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 A is at P's 6 o'clock.
2 D is on the left side and above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	right	1
1 I is directly above A.
2 H is under I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	above	1
1 G is at T's 3 o'clock.
2 T is positioned below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 J and G are vertical and J is below G.
2 N is placed in the right direction of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	above	1
1 V is placed at the lower left of T.
2 The objects V and N are over there. The object V is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 U is upper left of T.
2 D is sitting at the lower right position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above E.
2 R is sitting at the lower position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	below	1
1 D is over there with I above.
2 The object D and E are there. The object E is above and slightly to the left of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M is north east of L.
2 M is directly north east of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower righthand corner.
2 A and X are both there with the object X below the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	above	1
1 Object Z is below object B and to the right of it, too.
2 Z is diagonally left and above Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 D is sitting at the upper left position to K.
2 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the right of E horizontally.
2 U is on the upper right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 G is above L at 10 o'clock.
2 G is under V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
2 M is over there with B above.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	below	1
1 K and Q are horizontal and K is to the left of Q.
2 The object K is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	below	1
1 M is positioned above X and to the left.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Z and U are next to each other with Z on the top and U at the bottom.
2 X is directly south east of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 W and V are parallel, and W is over V.
2 V is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	left	1
1 W is at J's 6 o'clock.
2 G is placed at the upper left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	left	1
1 S is directly north east of F.
2 F and J are next to each other with F on the top and J at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object F and to the right of it, too.
2 G is placed at the bottom of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object X and D are there. The object D is above and slightly to the left of the object X.
2 N is on the left side to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	above	1
1 B is at the bottom of M and is on the same vertical plane.
2 M is sitting at the upper left position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 S and Q are parallel, and S is over Q.
2 Q is placed in the left direction of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 K is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
2 K is sitting at the upper left position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned right to J.
2 I and H are both there with the object I is to the right of object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	left	1
1 E is diagonally above S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 W is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 C is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 A is at L's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	left	1
1 I is over there with W below.
2 Q is to the left of W horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 R and P are parallel, and R is to the left of P.
2 R is directly above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	left	1
1 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
2 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the top side to B.
2 If M is the center of a clock face, L is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom right of K.
2 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 Q and C are horizontal and Q is to the left of C.
2 The object Q is positioned directly above the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 A is over there with U above.
2 F is to the bottom-left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	left	1
1 M is at D’s 9 o'clock.
2 D is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
2 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 F is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 U is at the lower side of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 X is at the lower side of V.
2 P is placed at the upper right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	below	1
1 X is over R.
2 E and R are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	below	1
1 Q is lower right of B.
2 C is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 U is there and D is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 S is diagonally to the bottom right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 S is over there and P is on the top of it.
2 The object P is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The objects R and F are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
2 The objects F and N are over there. The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Object G is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 D is over there and P is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	below	1
1 O is on the upper right of R.
2 H is sitting at the lower right position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on top of N.
2 Z is sitting at the upper left position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent N?	right	1
1 G is on the left side to X.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, D is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	right	1
1 X is on top of Y.
2 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 Q is below and to the left of C.
2 U is sitting in the left direction of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	above	1
1 B is below P with a small gap between them.
2 B is to the right of C horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	above	1
1 The object M is positioned directly above the object D.
2 M and R are vertical and M is below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	above	1
1 K and U are parallel, and K is under U.
2 F is placed on the top of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	above	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
2 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	above	1
1 C is sitting at the lower right position to P.
2 C is south east of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the top-left of M.
2 R is positioned below M and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 W is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 W is over there and K is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 W is above and to the right of N.
2 N is at the lower side of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 J is positioned in the lower left corner of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 K is over there and J is on the right of it.
2 Object J is above object F and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 G is below J and to the right of J.
2 B is to the bottom-left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	below	1
1 D is to the bottom right of S.
2 S is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	above	1
1 C is on the right side to O.
2 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	left	1
1 W is over there and D is at the bottom of it.
2 P and W are both there with the object P is to the right of object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	above	1
1 The object E and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 O is below and to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 M is to the top right of F.
2 O and M are next to each other with O on the left and M on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	below	1
1 K is sitting at the lower left position to L.
2 The object L is upper and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 E is sitting at the lower left position to U.
2 P and E are in a vertical line with E below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	below	1
1 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	below	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of G.
2 X is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the top-left of B.
2 L and G are side by side with L to the left and G to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	below	1
1 M is sitting at the 3:00 position to A.
2 U is below A at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 J and H are in a vertical line with J on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	above	1
1 The object E is positioned directly below the object C.
2 C is to the bottom-left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the left of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 A is to the bottom-right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is to the bottom-left of T.
2 T is diagonally to the bottom right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Z is above Q at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L and T are parallel, and L on the right of T.
2 L is positioned above I and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	right	1
1 V and J are side by side with V to the right and J to the left.
2 B presents lower right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 W presents left to T.
2 T is to the top-right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 L is over there and T is on the left of it.
2 P presents lower right to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	below	1
1 G and Y are next to each other with Y at the bottom G on the top.
2 G is above K at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the right side and below H.
2 U is over there and H is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	above	1
1 X is above A at 10 o'clock.
2 G is directly south east of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
2 Q is over there and H is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 P is on the right and W is on the left.
2 P presents over Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 The object V is positioned directly above the object R.
2 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object R is positioned directly below the object E.
2 R and A are next to each other with R on the top and A at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	above	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 A and K are parallel, and A is under K.
2 A is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	below	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 F is diagonally left and below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Y presents below A.
2 G is to the upper left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
2 H is directly south west of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 Z and Q are parallel, and Z on the right of Q.
2 Z is directly above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	right	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, J is located between 10 and 11.
2 J and L are parallel, and J is to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 P is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 S is at the bottom and I is on the top.
2 A is at S's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	right	1
1 X is to the right of Y.
2 The objects X and V are over there. The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 C is at the bottom of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 G is over there with C above.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	below	1
1 U is to the bottom left of I.
2 S is on the left side and above I.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	above	1
1 J presents below L.
2 S is lower right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper right of T.
2 G is south east of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 The object G is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
2 G is below O and to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 P is directly south east of R.
2 P is to the right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	below	1
1 F presents left to C.
2 C is to the right of Y horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to V, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 F and U are parallel, and F is to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, A is located between 4 and 5.
2 P is positioned down and to the left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 A is above L.
2 M is upper right to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	above	1
1 B is positioned below A and to the right.
2 A is above L at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 H is there and N is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 H is lower right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 A presents lower left to F.
2 O presents below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	below	1
1 S and R are in a horizontal line with R on the right.
2 S is there and N is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the left and N is on the right.
2 N is above P and to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	below	1
1 Q is directly south west of K.
2 Q and B are side by side with Q on the top and B at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 N is at the bottom of O vertically.
2 A is at the bottom and N is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	above	1
1 H is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 V is positioned up and to the right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 C is at Q's 12 o'clock.
2 Z presents over C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Q is below A with a small gap between them.
2 Q and H are next to each other with Q on the top and H at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	below	1
1 U and N are both there with the object U is to the left of object N.
2 W is diagonally above U to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, S is located between 4 and 5.
2 S is below and to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 X and R are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 X is to the top-left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 W is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
2 The object A is positioned directly below the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	below	1
1 G is at the bottom of W vertically.
2 W is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	below	1
1 I is over there and Z is on the top of it.
2 The object I and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	right	1
1 Z is below F and to the left of F.
2 B and F are side by side with B on the top and F at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the right of P.
2 O is positioned below P and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	below	1
1 Z is positioned below P and to the left.
2 Z is placed on the top of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 C is at the 3 o'clock position relative to U.
2 C and A are side by side with C to the right and A to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
2 F is sitting in the left direction of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	below	1
1 H is positioned left to P.
2 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	left	1
1 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of U.
2 J is positioned above C and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 L and Q are in a vertical line with L on top.
2 Q is on the same vertical plane directly below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 L is directly above O.
2 The object J is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q and C are side by side with Q on the top and C at the bottom.
2 C is diagonally right and below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Object Y is below object A and to the right of it, too.
2 I is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 F is below Z and to the left of Z.
2 F is slightly off center to the top left and W is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 Z is diagonally below V to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 V is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
2 A is over there and H is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 J is over there and R is on the right.
2 R is diagonally left and above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Q is on the lower left of O.
2 The object Q is positioned directly below the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 W is over there and H is directly below it.
2 Z is placed at the upper left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	below	1
1 T is diagonally below M to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 J is diagonally left and above J.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
2 U is on the right side and below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 K and N are next to each other with N on the right and K on the left.
2 N is to the left of I and below I at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Q is on the upper right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	left	1
1 K is at the bottom of H.
2 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	above	1
1 Y presents lower left to J.
2 C and Y are next to each other with C on the left and Y on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	right	1
1 J is below and to the right of S.
2 J and W are next to each other with J on the top and W at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 V is at the 9 o'clock position relative to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned below B and to the left.
2 B presents left to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	below	1
1 K is to the bottom-right of S.
2 The object S is positioned above and to the right of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	right	1
1 T is directly south west of V.
2 O is positioned right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 J is below B with a small gap between them.
2 B is on the left and Z is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	left	1
1 P is below S and to the left of S.
2 O and P are horizontal and O is to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 D presents upper right to P.
2 K is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 F is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 X is positioned below N and to the right.
2 X is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	right	1
1 L is slightly off center to the top left and T is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 I and T are side by side with I on the top and T at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is positioned above V and to the left.
2 A is sitting at the top position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 If L is the center of a clock face, P is located between 7 and 8.
2 V and L are parallel, and V is to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 S is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 S is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 R is lower left to K.
2 K is positioned left to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 X is sitting at the lower left position to A.
2 The object A is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 K and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom K on the top.
2 K is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
2 M is upper left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	right	1
1 F is above L and to the right of L.
2 B is above F and to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned up and to the right of L.
2 F is lower right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	above	1
1 M is upper right to K.
2 R and K are side by side with K at the bottom and R on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	above	1
1 P is under Y.
2 Y and O are parallel, and Y on the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 F is there and T is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 K and T are parallel, and K is to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	above	1
1 R is to the left of O horizontally.
2 G is above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The objects S and K are over there. The object S is above and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 X is positioned in the lower right corner of V.
2 X is at C’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to S.
2 S is sitting at the lower right position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom right of Y.
2 F is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Q is positioned above S and to the left.
2 C is to the right and above Q at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 X is at the 6 o'clock position relative to U.
2 Q is placed in the left direction of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	right	1
1 Object J is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 W is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 If B is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to D.
2 D is on the right side to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object G is positioned below and to the left of the object T.
2 R is positioned above T and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	above	1
1 B presents lower left to R.
2 D is lower right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	below	1
1 K is on the right side and below O.
2 Y is placed at the upper right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 S is above F and to the right of F.
2 If Q is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 C is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower righthand corner.
2 R is below C and to the left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
2 V presents over N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 K and E are parallel, and K is to the left of E.
2 O presents lower left to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to H.
2 G presents lower right to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 J is to the top-right of Z.
2 Z is below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	left	1
1 O is over there and X is on the right.
2 D is above and to the left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 E and F are side by side with E to the left and F to the right.
2 G is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face G.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	right	1
1 X is below and to the right of Z.
2 Z is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, U is located between 2 and 3.
2 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 Object W is below object X and to the left of it, too.
2 The object X and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	above	1
1 J is placed in the right direction of S.
2 S is on the left side to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	right	1
1 U and G are parallel, and U on the right of G.
2 G is diagonally above J to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the lower left of B.
2 B is diagonally right and above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 W is upper right to N.
2 W is on the top and I is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	left	1
1 G is sitting at the lower position to I.
2 S and G are parallel, and S is to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 G is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
2 G is positioned above X and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	right	1
1 A is to the bottom right of T.
2 F is lower left to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 A is to the top-left of G.
2 G is to the bottom-right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 J is directly south west of X.
2 M is on the top of X and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 Q and C are horizontal and Q is to the right of C.
2 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly left to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 U is sitting at the lower left position to V.
2 U is over there and Y is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Object A is above object P and to the right of it, too.
2 X and S are in a vertical line with S below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	above	1
1 E presents upper left to R.
2 R and P are side by side with R to the left and P to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	right	1
1 L and P are parallel, and L is to the right of P.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 The object P is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
2 P is on the top side to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Q is upper left of R.
2 R is directly south west of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object V is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 V is over there and S is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 R is below S at 7 o'clock.
2 Object K is below object R and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is positioned above and to the right of the object E.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, M is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	above	1
1 T is upper right to U.
2 W is over there and T is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 D and J are next to each other with J at the bottom D on the top.
2 Y is placed in the left direction of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	below	1
1 Q is to the top-left of H.
2 B is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 J and H are both there with the object J is to the right of object H.
2 A and H are next to each other with A on the left and H on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 N and B are side by side with N to the right and B to the left.
2 N is to the bottom-right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	below	1
1 R is on the top of T and is on the same vertical plane.
2 U is above T and to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
2 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 I is positioned above Y and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 R is positioned in the front right corner of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 O and W are both there with the object W below the object O.
2 X is at the bottom of O vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	below	1
1 D is placed at the bottom of S.
2 The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	above	1
1 D is upper right to Q.
2 Q is positioned above and to the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 Z presents below M.
2 A is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 O and Z are vertical and O is below Z.
2 R is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	above	1
1 Object A is above object W and to the right of it, too.
2 P is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 The objects U and S are over there. The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
2 F is there and S is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	above	1
1 Q is on the left side and above X.
2 Q and S are both there with the object S below the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	right	1
1 E is sitting at the upper left position to O.
2 R is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of B.
2 The objects Q and B are over there. The object Q is above and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 J is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	right	1
1 R is above E.
2 Z and E are next to each other with Z on the left and E on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Object L is below object U and to the right of it, too.
2 M and U are in a vertical line with M on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 E is on the right side and below Y.
2 Y is to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	right	1
1 O is directly south west of Q.
2 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 S and P are next to each other with P on the right and S on the left.
2 E is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	right	1
1 C and F are parallel, and C is over F.
2 Z is diagonally left and below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 O and K are next to each other with K at the bottom O on the top.
2 I is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 V is sitting at the lower right position to R.
2 V is at the bottom of A vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	right	1
1 O and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
2 H presents lower right to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	left	1
1 N is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 N is slightly off center to the top left and R is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
2 Z is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 G is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 H and Q are horizontal and H is to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 S is positioned left to R.
2 C is sitting in the left direction of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 H and P are vertical and H is below P.
2 H is at the 12 o'clock position relative to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent P?	below	1
1 J is diagonally left and below R.
2 N is over there with J above.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 E presents lower left to D.
2 X is directly below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 O is over there and S is directly below it.
2 L is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 L is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 W is positioned down and to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the left side to D.
2 J is on the lower right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 B is directly south west of E.
2 E is on the top of O and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	above	1
1 G is upper left of Z.
2 S is to the left of Z with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 The object N is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
2 M is upper right to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 B is north east of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the right side and top of W.
2 W is to the bottom right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned in the lower left corner of U.
2 Object I is below object U and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 G is over Y.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	below	1
1 The object U is positioned directly above the object H.
2 E is sitting in the left direction of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 W is diagonally left and above W.
2 W presents lower right to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
2 W and Q are parallel, and W is under Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	above	1
1 S is over D.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	below	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, Y is located between 10 and 11.
2 Y is over there and A is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	left	1
1 Z is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
2 F is below Z with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The object Q is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 Z presents below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 I is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 B presents lower left to M.
2 G is over there and B is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the lower right of X.
2 H is sitting in the left direction of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	above	1
1 K is directly above P.
2 K is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 C is positioned up and to the right of Z.
2 The objects C and J are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 N is on the lower left of S.
2 R presents right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 L is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 J is to the left of X horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 C and V are parallel, and C on the right of V.
2 V is to the top-right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	left	1
1 Y is on the left side of and below B.
2 Y is above and to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the lower left position to M.
2 M presents lower right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 R is directly below Z.
2 R is at the bottom of Q vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	below	1
1 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
2 W is positioned below J and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	right	1
1 A is positioned below U and to the right.
2 Z presents upper right to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 N is below and to the right of Y.
2 Q is on the left side to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Q and F are both there with the object Q above the object F.
2 G is above F and to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 C is sitting at the upper left position to O.
2 The object A is positioned below and to the left of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	left	1
1 D is on the left side to B.
2 M is below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	above	1
1 K is positioned down and to the left of F.
2 H is sitting at the top position to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	below	1
1 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
2 S is on the right side and below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, R is located between 4 and 5.
2 U is sitting at the lower right position to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 P presents right to X.
2 X is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Z is on the right side and below C.
2 Z is to the left of H with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 U is positioned above and to the left of V.
2 Object U is below object M and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	below	1
1 L is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 G is positioned below I and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 S is placed at the bottom of H.
2 H is on the left side of and below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	right	1
1 E is directly above C.
2 H is at E's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	below	1
1 U is placed at the upper right of Z.
2 U is to the left of A and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 B is at H's 12 o'clock.
2 K is above B at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the bottom-right of Q.
2 H is to the top of F vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	below	1
1 U is over there with T below.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to X, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 U is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 J is at Y's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Y is to the left of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Y is directly above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	above	1
1 Y is to the left of L horizontally.
2 O is lower right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	left	1
1 L is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 A is over there and L is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower left position to G.
2 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 B is directly north east of N.
2 X presents lower right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	below	1
1 A is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
2 A is over there and Z is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to X.
2 X is directly north west of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	below	1
1 L is over there with R below.
2 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 K is diagonally right and below V.
2 R is sitting in the right direction of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the right of T with a small gap between them.
2 N is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	right	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 U and A are in a vertical line with A below U.
2 A is positioned above E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	below	1
1 J and O are next to each other with J on the top and O at the bottom.
2 N presents below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 N is south east of M.
2 N presents upper left to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 I is at the 9 o'clock position relative to R.
2 L is to the right and above I at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	left	1
1 G is positioned right to Z.
2 Z and S are horizontal and Z is to the right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Q is above G.
2 C is at G’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	above	1
1 The object J is positioned directly below the object Z.
2 Y is sitting at the lower position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	above	1
1 W is to the top-left of T.
2 S is below W at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	left	1
1 V and P are parallel, and P is below V.
2 V presents below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	below	1
1 G and F are both there with the object G is to the right of object F.
2 G and N are side by side with G on the top and N at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Object H is above object D and to the left of it, too.
2 H and A are side by side with H to the right and A to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 If R is the center of a clock face, H is located between 2 and 3.
2 R is above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 G is diagonally right and below C.
2 G presents lower right to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of M.
2 P and N are in a vertical line with N below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	above	1
1 D and L are side by side with D on the top and L at the bottom.
2 O is at the 3 o'clock position relative to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	left	1
1 D is diagonally to the bottom left of F.
2 P is to the upper left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the upper right of V.
2 Object I is above object V and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 D and S are next to each other with S at the bottom D on the top.
2 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 A is on the right side to S.
2 Q is on the top side to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 H is sitting at the lower position to O.
2 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
2 S is placed at the lower right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of F.
2 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	right	1
1 G is placed in the left direction of F.
2 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 S and W are side by side with S on the top and W at the bottom.
2 N is to the bottom left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 P is placed at the upper right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 D and C are in a horizontal line with C on the right.
2 D is over there and J is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	below	1
1 Q is over there with R below.
2 B is below R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	above	1
1 C is to the left of Q horizontally.
2 The objects W and Q are over there. The object W is above and slightly to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 N is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 K is at the 12 o'clock position relative to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	below	1
1 E is below and to the left of Y.
2 The objects V and E are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object D.
2 Y is to the right of A horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	right	1
1 X is directly south east of Y.
2 X is on the same horizontal plane directly right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	left	1
1 H and W are horizontal and H is to the left of W.
2 X is diagonally left and above X.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 B is positioned above E.
2 B is directly above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	below	1
1 M is placed in the right direction of Y.
2 Y is diagonally above E to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	left	1
1 B is positioned left to V.
2 O is above B with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	below	1
1 R is to the right of Z.
2 M is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 A is to the bottom left of D.
2 A is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 O is sitting at the lower position to W.
2 L is diagonally to the upper right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	right	1
1 Y is to the top of N vertically.
2 E is over there and N is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	above	1
1 Q is under X.
2 Q is on top of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	below	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
2 V is sitting in the right direction of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 E presents lower left to Z.
2 Z is below B at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 W and T are parallel, and W is on top of T.
2 W is over there and E is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the top right of S.
2 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 V is diagonally left and above V.
2 F is sitting at the top position to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the bottom-left of J.
2 R and F are side by side with R to the right and F to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	right	1
1 The object labeled J is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
2 N is positioned in the front right corner of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to D.
2 T is at a 45 degree angle to R, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 T is over there and J is directly below it.
2 T and A are parallel, and T is under A.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	below	1
1 D is diagonally to the bottom right of E.
2 D and G are vertical and D is below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	above	1
1 D is over H.
2 Z is positioned in the front right corner of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	below	1
1 V is south west of R.
2 C is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
2 W is positioned above G and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	left	1
1 The objects D and H are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 Object H is above object F and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 B is sitting at the upper right position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 H is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 H is lower left to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 B is above and to the right of T.
2 C is below B with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 L is positioned down and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 K is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 V and C are parallel, and V on the right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	left	1
1 C and T are parallel, and C on the left of T.
2 T is below A and to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 H is sitting at the lower left position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Object M is below object W and to the right of it, too.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to S, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	overlap	1
1 The objects R and D are over there. The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object D.
2 M is to the top of R vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally below N to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the top of N vertically.
2 Z and S are vertical and Z is above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	below	1
1 D is placed in the left direction of N.
2 O is above N.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 H is positioned below and to the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the right of U horizontally.
2 F is on the same vertical plane directly below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	above	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
2 G and F are in a horizontal line with G on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	right	1
1 R and U are side by side with U at the bottom and R on the top.
2 Y is sitting at the 3:00 position to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	right	1
1 P is at the bottom of I and is on the same vertical plane.
2 The object labeled I is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	right	1
1 T is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 X is directly north west of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	above	1
1 K is directly south east of S.
2 O is on top of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	above	1
1 F is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 I and J are both there with the object J below the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 J is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 P is at K's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
2 R is on the left and F is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	left	1
1 F is over there with H below.
2 K and F are vertical and K is above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	above	1
1 C is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 C and E are next to each other with E on the right and C on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 N presents left to X.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	right	1
1 U is below X with a small gap between them.
2 U is at the bottom and Q is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	below	1
1 A and C are parallel, and A is to the right of C.
2 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is positioned above and to the right of the object T.
2 W is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the top and C is at the bottom.
2 D is sitting at the upper left position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	above	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and Y is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Y is on the lower right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 C presents below Y.
2 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	above	1
1 V is placed at the upper left of K.
2 V is upper right to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	left	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper right of D.
2 The object G is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 B and L are in a vertical line with B on top.
2 K is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	below	1
1 X is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
2 R is over there and X is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent D?	left	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper right position to P.
2 R and Y are both there with the object R is to the right of object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 L is sitting at the lower position to X.
2 X is directly north east of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	below	1
1 T is on the same vertical plane directly below P.
2 D is to the bottom-right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	left	1
1 R is above and to the left of I.
2 P presents lower left to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 A and K are vertical and A is below K.
2 A is to the top right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the left of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Q is above and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there and Z is directly below it.
2 Z is on the left and O is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Z is below N and to the left of N.
2 Z is directly above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 R is above U with a small gap between them.
2 V is diagonally left and above V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper left of J.
2 J is above X and to the left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 H is placed in the right direction of R.
2 R is over there and P is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 O and J are horizontal and O is to the left of J.
2 J is over B.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	right	1
1 E is sitting at the 12:00 position to L.
2 S is diagonally right and below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 E presents upper right to N.
2 X is on the left and N is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 I and U are parallel, and I is to the left of U.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
2 The objects P and H are over there. The object P is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 M is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
2 M is diagonally to the upper right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 F is diagonally to the bottom left of C.
2 The object R is positioned directly above the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	below	1
1 V is above Q and to the left of Q.
2 V is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	below	1
1 N is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
2 Q and B are horizontal and Q is to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 P is positioned left to E.
2 D is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	left	1
1 D is over there and F is on the right of it.
2 D is to the bottom right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 P is placed at the upper left of E.
2 B is on the right side and top of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the 9 o'clock position relative to X.
2 P is to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	right	1
1 G is diagonally above F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 O is over there and F is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 Object Y is above object S and to the left of it, too.
2 S is on the top side to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 J is at E’s 9 o'clock.
2 E is on the top side to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 F is upper left of Y.
2 P is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 U is positioned above N and to the right.
2 The object U is positioned directly above the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	below	1
1 K is directly south east of E.
2 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	above	1
1 A is to the upper left of H.
2 A and I are parallel, and A on the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 F is positioned above J and to the left.
2 J is placed at the bottom of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 Q is placed at the upper right of U.
2 Q is above D with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the right side to Y.
2 H and J are horizontal and H is to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	left	1
1 Q is sitting at the 12:00 position to X.
2 X is placed at the upper left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Q?	below	1
1 Z is to the bottom left of T.
2 T is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 V and D are in a horizontal line with V on the left.
2 D and A are vertical and D is below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	right	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 K is to the right of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	left	1
1 Object X is below object C and to the right of it, too.
2 S is positioned below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 D is at J's 3 o'clock.
2 D is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 L is above and to the right of W.
2 F is to the bottom left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object W.
2 T is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y is diagonally left and above Y.
2 F is positioned above E and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the lower righthand corner.
2 M is on the right side and below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 N is above G with a small gap between them.
2 G is above J at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 B is directly north west of P.
2 The object L is positioned directly below the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	left	1
1 K is there and E is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 K is over there and C is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 X is upper right to Y.
2 U is positioned below X and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 W is positioned below and to the right of T.
2 F and T are both there with the object F is to the right of object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	right	1
1 Q is under Z.
2 V is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 N presents over S.
2 K is to the upper left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	above	1
1 Y is positioned right to A.
2 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	right	1
1 X is to the upper left of Q.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 M is positioned above Q and to the left.
2 I is sitting at the lower left position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 E presents over M.
2 M and X are side by side with M on the top and X at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is on the same horizontal plane directly left to H.
2 X and A are parallel, and X is to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	left	1
1 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
2 F is placed at the lower left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 B and L are side by side with B to the left and L to the right.
2 A and B are next to each other with B on the right and A on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	right	1
1 L is on the lower left of B.
2 B is on the right side to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent L?	above	1
1 A is below S and to the right of S.
2 E is diagonally to the upper right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 The object Z is positioned below and to the left of the object U.
2 Z is to the bottom left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 J and S are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
2 G and S are parallel, and G is over S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 W and R are both there with the object W is to the right of object R.
2 Y is placed at the upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	below	1
1 I is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
2 I is positioned right to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	above	1
1 P is sitting at the 3:00 position to G.
2 P is above E.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	above	1
1 Q is over there with B above.
2 The object K is positioned directly above the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	above	1
1 H is sitting at the top position to D.
2 H is diagonally right and above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	below	1
1 D is over there and Z is on the left of it.
2 Z and A are horizontal and Z is to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Z is below S and to the right of S.
2 F presents right to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	right	1
1 O and V are parallel, and O is over V.
2 N is over there and V is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Q and K are side by side with Q to the left and K to the right.
2 J is placed at the bottom of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 R and L are horizontal and R is to the right of L.
2 R is diagonally right and above P.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 Object L is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 U is over there with I above.
2 I is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	left	1
1 If A is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
2 N is to the top-right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The object R is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
2 O is to the top-left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 R is on the right side and top of K.
2 D is upper right to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the bottom-right of S.
2 F is on the top side to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	above	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of A.
2 L is placed at the upper right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 L is positioned right to T.
2 S is to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	left	1
1 K and D are in a vertical line with K on top.
2 The object K is positioned directly above the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	below	1
1 I is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 I is above G at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
2 M and P are side by side with M to the left and P to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 X and S are horizontal and X is to the left of S.
2 G is below and to the left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 K and D are parallel, and K is over D.
2 The object D is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally below M to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 M is sitting at the lower right position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 X is at the bottom of L.
2 I is on the top and X is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent X?	above	1
1 V is below U and to the left of U.
2 Y is on the right and V is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	left	1
1 B is to the top-right of T.
2 X is over there and B is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
2 R is there and M is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 M is positioned in the top left corner of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 L is directly south east of I.
2 U is diagonally left and above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 L is sitting at the top position to Y.
2 V and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	above	1
1 L is at the bottom of Z.
2 Z is below O at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 H is placed at the lower left of N.
2 V is at the 3 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	left	1
1 T is over X.
2 S is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 P is on the right side to B.
2 F is diagonally right and below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	right	1
1 U is sitting in the left direction of M.
2 M is over there with A above.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 H is directly north east of Y.
2 Y is at the bottom of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object Y is positioned below and to the right of the object L.
2 L is sitting at the lower right position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 R is lower right of K.
2 J and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	left	1
1 I and B are both there with the object I is to the right of object B.
2 K and B are parallel, and B is below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 K and I are parallel, and K is to the right of I.
2 If G is the center of a clock face, I is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	below	1
1 L is to the top right of F.
2 L is sitting in the left direction of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 Q is on the left side to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	left	1
1 O is on the right and K is on the left.
2 O is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent W?	below	1
1 K is on the top of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 P is lower right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower right position to E.
2 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 M presents right to A.
2 O and M are horizontal and O is to the right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 U is directly above L.
2 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the left and W is on the right.
2 W is positioned in the top left corner of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 F is diagonally above K to the right at a 45 degree.
2 T and K are both there with the object T above the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 W and A are side by side with W to the left and A to the right.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 O and V are next to each other with O on the left and V on the right.
2 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	right	1
1 Q is directly north east of O.
2 K is on the upper right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 E is lower left to L.
2 V is directly north west of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 P and Z are in a vertical line with P on top.
2 Z is placed in the left direction of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	above	1
1 I and Y are vertical and I is above Y.
2 Y is diagonally to the bottom right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Object T is below object E and to the left of it, too.
2 J and E are next to each other with J on the left and E on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	right	1
1 S is over there and F is directly above it.
2 N is lower left to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the left of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 J is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	left	1
1 L is above and to the left of P.
2 F is on the top of L and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	below	1
1 M and S are side by side with M on the top and S at the bottom.
2 S is above W and to the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 S and R are parallel, and S on the left of R.
2 S is below G at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned right to C.
2 F is positioned above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	below	1
1 Z is placed at the bottom of F.
2 Z and A are both there with the object Z is to the left of object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the left of P horizontally.
2 P is at M’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	left	1
1 V and K are parallel, and V on the right of K.
2 K is positioned below J and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 K is directly above C.
2 C is directly above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	below	1
1 O is placed at the upper left of Y.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 O is above H at 10 o'clock.
2 Y and O are parallel, and Y is to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Y is at the bottom of X and is on the same vertical plane.
2 X is sitting at the lower right position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned left to U.
2 O is over there and U is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 N is to the left of K.
2 N is diagonally left and below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	above	1
1 Y is above V at 2 o'clock.
2 A and V are parallel, and A on the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned above Y.
2 T and Z are vertical and T is below Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	above	1
1 D is to the right of R horizontally.
2 W is diagonally below D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower right position to L.
2 E is to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 L presents below R.
2 The object R is positioned below and to the left of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Z presents below I.
2 The object X and Z are there. The object Z is above and slightly to the left of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, W is located between 7 and 8.
2 Q is diagonally left and above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned above L.
2 L presents below O.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 K and V are side by side with K to the right and V to the left.
2 I is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 Z presents below L.
2 Y is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Z?	below	1
1 D is over Q.
2 D is to the upper left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 The object B is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 Z is below B and to the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Object G is above object T and to the left of it, too.
2 The object G is upper and slightly to the right of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object K.
2 H is sitting in the right direction of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	left	1
1 N is positioned right to E.
2 R is at the 6 o'clock position relative to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 A is below and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 C and B are vertical and C is above B.
2 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	below	1
1 D and G are vertical and D is below G.
2 Y is at the lower side of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	above	1
1 U is directly south east of Q.
2 U is at K's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	below	1
1 X presents right to I.
2 X is placed on the top of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 W is diagonally below S to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 W is lower right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	right	1
1 J is on the top of D and is on the same vertical plane.
2 D is placed on the top of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent J?	below	1
1 A is sitting in the right direction of J.
2 J is above T at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 U is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is to the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	left	1
1 L and F are side by side with F at the bottom and L on the top.
2 L is on the left side to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 Z is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 Z is positioned below T and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	below	1
1 K is over there and S is on the top of it.
2 K is diagonally above O to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled C.
2 C is at I's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Q is below B.
2 S is sitting at the lower right position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 E and P are horizontal and E is to the left of P.
2 Z is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Q presents over C.
2 C is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 D is below and to the right of Y.
2 D is on top of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 G is directly north west of I.
2 I is to the top right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 T is lower right of C.
2 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 M is to the upper left of E.
2 F and E are next to each other with F on the left and E on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the top of K vertically.
2 The object L and K are there. The object L is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	above	1
1 The objects B and A are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
2 D is to the bottom right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 Q is placed in the right direction of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 R is upper left of A.
2 H is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 H is over there and O is on the right of it.
2 H is positioned below and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 K is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
2 O presents lower left to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	below	1
1 The object L is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
2 Q is positioned left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent L?	above	1
1 D is to the right of J horizontally.
2 D is on top of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	left	1
1 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
2 C is on the left and L is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	below	1
1 R is on the right and D is on the left.
2 Y and R are parallel, and Y is on top of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 A is to the bottom-left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	left	1
1 A is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 P is on the left and R is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 S is above and to the right of I.
2 I is over there with K above.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	above	1
1 B is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face B.
2 U is under B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned in the front right corner of R.
2 R is at H's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	below	1
1 W is sitting at the upper right position to T.
2 The object T is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent K?	above	1
1 O is sitting at the upper left position to L.
2 E is directly above L.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	right	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object Z.
2 O is sitting at the 3:00 position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 F is above J.
2 The object L is positioned above and to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the bottom-right of Q.
2 W and Q are next to each other with Q at the bottom W on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 G is above and to the left of U.
2 R is below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 The object R is positioned directly above the object Y.
2 R is diagonally below W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The object M is lower and slightly to the right of the object H.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the left of F and below F at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 R is on the right side to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 Q is upper right to U.
2 U and N are both there with the object U is to the right of object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	left	1
1 K is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 K is to the left of R horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	right	1
1 Z is there and G is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 Z presents lower right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 S is directly south east of R.
2 S is diagonally left and above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 T is on the right side to Q.
2 H is on the lower left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally left and below H.
2 H is placed in the right direction of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	below	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object M.
2 M and G are vertical and M is below G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	above	1
1 M is positioned right to B.
2 J is to the bottom-right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	right	1
1 A is above Y and to the left of Y.
2 H is placed at the bottom of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 D is below A and to the left of A.
2 A presents upper left to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 E is over there and Y is directly below it.
2 E is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 V is at X's 3 o'clock.
2 V is lower left to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	right	1
1 The object M is positioned directly above the object F.
2 F is at I's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	above	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object J.
2 I is diagonally left and below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	below	1
1 U is directly south east of L.
2 L is south east of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 T and Z are in a horizontal line with T on the left.
2 T and H are parallel, and H is below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	below	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 D is positioned below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 K is at the lower side of X.
2 X is to the right of F and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	above	1
1 K and V are both there with the object K is to the right of object V.
2 K and J are side by side with K to the left and J to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	left	1
1 H and B are side by side with B at the bottom and H on the top.
2 B and Q are both there with the object B is to the right of object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	right	1
1 I is at O’s 9 o'clock.
2 L is directly north east of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
2 O is at the bottom of E vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	right	1
1 V is to the left of E.
2 Y and E are both there with the object Y above the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	right	1
1 J is at X's 3 o'clock.
2 Z is to the left of J horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	right	1
1 J and Y are in a horizontal line with J on the left.
2 C is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 L is at the bottom of Y.
2 Y and J are parallel, and Y on the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	below	1
1 E is positioned above J and to the right.
2 E is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 J is over Z.
2 J is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	right	1
1 Q is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Q is to the right of F horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	left	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 V is positioned left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 W is directly south west of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 K is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
2 I is at the lower side of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	left	1
1 B is to the right of J horizontally.
2 J is on the upper right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the top-left of F.
2 N and P are both there with the object N above the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned in the front right corner of O.
2 R presents left to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 K is directly north west of G.
2 F is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 L is sitting at the 3:00 position to S.
2 L is to the bottom left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 H is to the top right of T.
2 D is above and to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	right	1
1 Y is to the left of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 V is positioned above B and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	left	1
1 The objects V and N are over there. The object V is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 Q is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Q is over there and J is on the right of it.
2 F is positioned right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	right	1
1 S is above L with a small gap between them.
2 L and Y are horizontal and L is to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 Q is at the bottom of L vertically.
2 E is above L at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 J presents left to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	left	1
1 T is upper left of L.
2 The object labeled L is positioned to the right of the object labeled V.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 Q is directly below H.
2 A and H are horizontal and A is to the right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	left	1
1 T is positioned below E and to the left.
2 H is positioned below T and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	right	1
1 P is at B’s 9 o'clock.
2 T and B are side by side with B at the bottom and T on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 Q is diagonally to the bottom left of R.
2 R is placed at the upper right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 P is above M with a small gap between them.
2 M is positioned below and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	left	1
1 Q presents left to M.
2 Q is at the bottom of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Q?	above	1
1 F is there and V is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 V is positioned in the top left corner of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 C is above P.
2 P is north east of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	below	1
1 W is to the top right of I.
2 Q and W are next to each other with W at the bottom Q on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 L is placed at the bottom of A.
2 H presents left to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The objects D and O are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 The object O is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 G is over there and K is on the left of it.
2 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	left	1
1 I is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 T and C are side by side with T to the left and C to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 H is below N with a small gap between them.
2 V is over there and H is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	below	1
1 Y is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 Object L is below object N and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is positioned directly below the object B.
2 Z is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 O is sitting at the lower position to X.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	left	1
1 R is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
2 J is north east of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 N and G are parallel, and N on the left of G.
2 D is diagonally left and below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	right	1
1 S is placed in the right direction of T.
2 Object T is above object U and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 C is sitting in the right direction of Y.
2 Object A is above object C and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 S is sitting at the lower right position to C.
2 L is on the lower right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the 9:00 position of K.
2 N is on the right side to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z is to the top of A vertically.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 F and S are parallel, and F is under S.
2 The object L is positioned above and to the left of object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	below	1
1 The object D is positioned below and to the right of the object H.
2 Object H is above object P and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P is sitting at the lower left position to L.
2 L and H are parallel, and L on the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	right	1
1 V is to the bottom right of N.
2 V is placed at the upper right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Q and E are both there with the object Q is to the right of object E.
2 The object Q is positioned above and to the left of object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 L is above V and to the left of V.
2 C and L are horizontal and C is to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	right	1
1 G is lower left to F.
2 F is above R and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 The object L is positioned directly above the object R.
2 S and R are both there with the object S above the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 K is at the bottom of F vertically.
2 C is positioned above K and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	left	1
1 Z is over there with Y above.
2 Z is to the left of H horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Q is over there and B is on the left.
2 B is diagonally to the upper right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	left	1
1 G is upper right to Q.
2 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	left	1
1 K is over there and S is on the left of it.
2 Z is to the bottom right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 D is diagonally below Z to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 V is to the left of D with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	right	1
1 R is under Z.
2 Z is above and to the left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	above	1
1 L and M are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
2 M and W are horizontal and M is to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	right	1
1 Q is to the left of E.
2 D is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	right	1
1 H is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
2 N is positioned right to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 M and W are horizontal and M is to the right of W.
2 W is placed at the upper left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	right	1
1 V is diagonally left and below L.
2 T is on the same vertical plane directly below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 K is to the right and above F at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The object V is upper and slightly to the left of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 G is below S with a small gap between them.
2 N is to the left of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 J is positioned above and to the left of C.
2 Object J is above object D and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned below and to the right of D.
2 S presents below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	left	1
1 Y and H are parallel, and Y is to the right of H.
2 Y presents lower right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 G is sitting at the 9:00 position of A.
2 O is directly north east of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 G is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 S is positioned below G and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 E is lower left to K.
2 V is over there and K is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 A is lower right of Y.
2 C is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed in the left direction of M.
2 U is north west of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 I and Y are horizontal and I is to the right of Y.
2 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	left	1
1 B is on the right side and below A.
2 The object K and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 M is at the lower side of O.
2 M is to the upper left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 U is above and to the left of Y.
2 U is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 X is sitting at the 6:00 position to C.
2 F is sitting at the upper right position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	above	1
1 U is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 M presents upper right to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 M and W are vertical and M is below W.
2 J is above W at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 Y is below H and to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 A is diagonally below Q to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 A is positioned below and to the right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the same vertical plane directly below W.
2 W is south east of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, I is located between 7 and 8.
2 B is sitting at the upper left position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting at the upper left position to A.
2 O is sitting at the upper left position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 F and Y are next to each other with F on the left and Y on the right.
2 If J is the center of a clock face, F is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	left	1
1 F is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
2 V is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	above	1
1 B and N are both there with the object B above the object N.
2 B is above and to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 M and I are both there with the object I below the object M.
2 I is positioned in the front right corner of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 M presents over U.
2 V is directly north east of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent U?	above	1
1 L and R are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	right	1
1 X and K are horizontal and X is to the left of K.
2 X is above and to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the right side and top of P.
2 B is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 X is directly below M.
2 G is positioned in the lower right corner of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	above	1
1 L is on the right side to U.
2 L is to the upper left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 H is on the same horizontal plane directly right to V.
2 G and V are parallel, and G is under V.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	right	1
1 I is there and W is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 I presents below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	right	1
1 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 F is placed at the lower left of J.
2 N is at F's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
2 P and Z are horizontal and P is to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 I is south west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 H is to the right of B.
2 W is south east of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	left	1
1 B is to the upper left of S.
2 B is positioned in the lower right corner of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 O and Y are both there with the object O above the object Y.
2 O is sitting at the lower position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	below	1
1 H is on the top side to Z.
2 L is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at the bottom of X.
2 A is to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	right	1
1 I is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 M is on the top of I and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	above	1
1 X is to the top of V vertically.
2 X is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face X.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 L is to the bottom left of O.
2 The object O is positioned below and to the right of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 Y is placed at the upper left of M.
2 Z and Y are side by side with Z to the left and Y to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	left	1
1 G is over there and P is directly below it.
2 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	below	1
1 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
2 F is to the top-left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 A is at the 6 o'clock position relative to O.
2 O is above and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	left	1
1 C is to the bottom-right of F.
2 Object C is below object S and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	right	1
1 F and C are next to each other with C on the right and F on the left.
2 F is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
2 B is positioned below Z and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 N presents right to M.
2 A is at the bottom of N vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Z is on the upper right of E.
2 Z is positioned above and to the left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	left	1
1 Z is positioned above Y and to the right.
2 V is over Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	below	1
1 V is at the bottom of Z.
2 V is at K’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	above	1
1 J is to the bottom right of Y.
2 Y is at M’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	below	1
1 T is positioned in the lower right corner of N.
2 N is on the same vertical plane directly above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	left	1
1 G is under U.
2 G is sitting in the right direction of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the bottom of Q.
2 Q is directly north east of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 W is there and U is at the 2 position of a clock face W.
2 W is over there and Y is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	right	1
1 A is upper right to G.
2 O and A are parallel, and O is to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 I is under U.
2 U presents left to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the left of R and below R at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 U is slightly off center to the top left and C is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	below	1
1 U is sitting in the left direction of K.
2 U is at L's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	left	1
1 T is directly north east of J.
2 J is diagonally left and below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 I and G are parallel, and I is under G.
2 D is sitting at the lower left position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 X is on the right side and below C.
2 X is upper right to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	above	1
1 G is sitting in the right direction of N.
2 N is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the upper left of C.
2 E and C are parallel, and E is to the right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 R is on the right side and below A.
2 A is on the right and T is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent T?	right	1
1 W is on the lower right of B.
2 W and I are in a vertical line with W on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 C is below L and to the left of L.
2 C is to the right of K horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object O and W are there. The object O is below and slightly to the right of the object W.
2 W is to the bottom-left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Object D is above object P and to the left of it, too.
2 K is positioned above P and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 N presents upper right to Z.
2 O is above Z and to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 Q is directly above N.
2 O is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 A is diagonally left and above A.
2 The object X and K are there. The object X is below and slightly to the right of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 F is on the right side to W.
2 Y is positioned above W and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	right	1
1 A presents right to U.
2 A is to the left of O and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	right	1
1 J is sitting at the lower position to Y.
2 O is positioned below J and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 C is at the bottom of B vertically.
2 L is on the upper right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom right of C.
2 B is below C with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent B?	right	1
1 M presents right to T.
2 M is at U's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 B and Z are next to each other with Z at the bottom B on the top.
2 If B is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 T is at the 12 o'clock position relative to F.
2 R is over there and T is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	right	1
1 N is placed at the lower left of P.
2 N is upper left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to G.
2 Y is over there and D is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	right	1
1 N is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 Q is on the right side and top of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
2 O presents lower left to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to V.
2 I is at a 45 degree angle to Z, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Object Z is below object G and to the right of it, too.
2 G and N are side by side with G on the top and N at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Z?	left	1
1 F is placed at the bottom of M.
2 G is on top of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent F?	overlap	1
1 R is above I at 10 o'clock.
2 R is sitting at the lower left position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 R is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 G and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 J and O are horizontal and J is to the left of O.
2 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	left	1
1 J and S are side by side with J on the top and S at the bottom.
2 D and S are both there with the object S below the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	below	1
1 S is over C.
2 S is upper right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 V is positioned below G and to the right.
2 The object G is lower and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	below	1
1 The object Y is positioned above and to the left of object L.
2 The object U is lower and slightly to the left of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	above	1
1 N is on the lower left of H.
2 D is placed on the top of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 N is below and to the right of W.
2 If O is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	below	1
1 H and G are both there with the object H above the object G.
2 G is positioned below M and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 J is above and to the left of F.
2 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	left	1
1 Object B is above object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 P and B are in a horizontal line with P on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent B?	left	1
1 I is placed at the lower right of O.
2 M is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 A and C are parallel, and A is over C.
2 H is north west of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent A?	below	1
1 I is above B and to the right of B.
2 A is diagonally to the upper right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 U is directly north west of O.
2 K and O are parallel, and K on the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 D and Q are horizontal and D is to the right of Q.
2 L is below and to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	left	1
1 D and A are side by side with D to the right and A to the left.
2 D is on the left and G is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	right	1
1 P and N are both there with the object P is to the left of object N.
2 P is positioned above E and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	right	1
1 N is directly below R.
2 N is positioned in the front right corner of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Y is positioned right to B.
2 Y is over there with I below.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 W is on the right side to I.
2 X is sitting at the 12:00 position to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	left	1
1 V is on the left side and above N.
2 N and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	left	1
1 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
2 G is over there with Y below.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 E is over there and X is directly below it.
2 If Y is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	right	1
1 H is directly north east of W.
2 W is diagonally to the bottom left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 L is at the bottom of C vertically.
2 C is placed on the top of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	below	1
1 R is sitting at the upper right position to O.
2 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object O is positioned directly below the object E.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 K is over there and J is on the left.
2 The objects K and F are over there. The object K is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	left	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object V.
2 Z and V are parallel, and Z is on top of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the top-left of O.
2 U is at the bottom of O and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	right	1
1 H is directly north west of N.
2 E is to the right of H with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 H and Y are both there with the object H is to the right of object Y.
2 V is over there and H is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 K is diagonally to the upper right of N.
2 N is below and to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 I and P are horizontal and I is to the left of P.
2 Object A is above object I and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 F is sitting at the 12:00 position to R.
2 S is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	left	1
1 K is at the bottom of V and is on the same vertical plane.
2 C is on the right side to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 A is over there and L is directly below it.
2 A is diagonally right and below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	below	1
1 K and Y are in a vertical line with Y below K.
2 K is on the right side to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 L is placed at the bottom of F.
2 N is diagonally above F to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent L?	right	1
1 B is directly below Y.
2 M is on the right and B is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	right	1
1 G is diagonally right and above R.
2 G is below L and to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned in the lower left corner of B.
2 E is over there with B below.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	above	1
1 R is to the right and above V at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 If V is the center of a clock face, N is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 A is slightly off center to the top left and J is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 A is to the bottom-left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 V presents over O.
2 F is placed at the lower right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 D is on the left side of and below Q.
2 The object E is positioned below and to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	left	1
1 D and U are side by side with D to the right and U to the left.
2 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Q is directly north east of R.
2 Q is on the lower right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 S presents over K.
2 K is at N's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	below	1
1 I is diagonally to the bottom right of J.
2 J is above V and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 D is to the right of R horizontally.
2 R is positioned below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	left	1
1 Q and H are parallel, and Q is on top of H.
2 The object Q is positioned below and to the right of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 The object Q is positioned directly above the object Y.
2 Y is at G's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	above	1
1 C presents over S.
2 X is over there and S is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	left	1
1 F is on the upper right of N.
2 W presents over N.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	above	1
1 S is to the right and above M at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Z and S are vertical and Z is below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	left	1
1 A is above and to the left of U.
2 U is diagonally below F to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	left	1
1 I is on the upper right of P.
2 P is at the bottom of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	right	1
1 Q is diagonally below H to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 M is below S and to the left of S.
2 M is positioned right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 A presents upper right to E.
2 L is at the bottom and E is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 J is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
2 A is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 A is there and Y is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 R is at A's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 O is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
2 The object O is positioned directly below the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	below	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
2 T is to the right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	overlap	1
1 N presents upper left to P.
2 T is to the top right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned below Z.
2 The objects Z and V are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	left	1
1 L is to the top right of A.
2 B and L are parallel, and B is under L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	above	1
1 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to E.
2 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	below	1
1 R presents right to D.
2 G is positioned in the lower right corner of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of X.
2 Q is to the right and above E at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 V is placed at the lower right of B.
2 V is positioned above O and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 J and T are horizontal and J is to the left of T.
2 J and D are parallel, and J is under D.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	below	1
1 X is on the same vertical plane directly below Z.
2 X is to the left of J horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	left	1
1 S is positioned in the lower right corner of W.
2 V is diagonally right and below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 C is sitting at the lower left position to R.
2 R is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 A is below and to the right of S.
2 Z presents right to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent A?	right	1
1 L is over there and T is on the left.
2 T is at A's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent L?	left	1
1 V is placed in the left direction of C.
2 C is positioned in the top left corner of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 Object J is below object E and to the left of it, too.
2 U is to the top right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 N is directly above C.
2 G is sitting at the upper right position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent C?	above	1
1 F is on the right side and below L.
2 L is positioned down and to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the right and M is on the left.
2 M is south east of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly above M.
2 S is to the right of J and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 S is under B.
2 T is to the right of B and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent S?	above	1
1 G is to the left of E horizontally.
2 E is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the left side of and below J.
2 The object B is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the top and Z is at the bottom.
2 W is on top of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Z is positioned below R and to the right.
2 R is over there and X is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 L is there and H is at the 2 position of a clock face L.
2 J is diagonally to the upper left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	right	1
1 A is at the bottom and D is on the top.
2 Y is sitting in the right direction of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
2 X is to the top of G vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	above	1
1 W is lower right of C.
2 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	below	1
1 C and V are in a vertical line with V below C.
2 V is positioned right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	right	1
1 F is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Y.
2 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	right	1
1 B is below U at 7 o'clock.
2 B is below H at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 P is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the lower righthand corner.
2 P and I are next to each other with I on the right and P on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	right	1
1 M presents lower right to H.
2 S is at the lower side of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	above	1
1 O is sitting at the 6:00 position to I.
2 O is to the bottom right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	above	1
1 O is above Z and to the right of Z.
2 The object N is positioned below and to the left of the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Q and M are side by side with M at the bottom and Q on the top.
2 V is positioned above and to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	above	1
1 U is diagonally right and above B.
2 U is south west of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 P and L are parallel, and L is below P.
2 L is above I and to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 I is at the lower side of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent O?	right	1
1 N is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
2 Y is positioned above M and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 E is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
2 I is to the top right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	left	1
1 K is placed at the lower right of E.
2 E is below F and to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent F?	below	1
1 D and X are parallel, and D is on top of X.
2 V is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the same vertical plane directly below B.
2 D is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	above	1
1 R is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
2 R is over there and C is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	below	1
1 D is at the 6 o'clock position relative to F.
2 F is positioned up and to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 W is at the bottom and X is on the top.
2 Q is to the right of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 E is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
2 E is to the top of R vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 Object Z is below object P and to the right of it, too.
2 P is positioned left to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	below	1
1 Object O is below object Z and to the left of it, too.
2 The objects B and Z are over there. The object B is lower and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Object E is below object I and to the left of it, too.
2 E is directly north east of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 W is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
2 W is to the right of E horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	left	1
1 L is to the top right of R.
2 L and O are in a vertical line with L on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 L is on the top and P is at the bottom.
2 X and P are in a vertical line with P below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	overlap	1
1 Z is over E.
2 H is on the lower right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	below	1
1 A is above V with a small gap between them.
2 The object W is positioned directly below the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	below	1
1 T is below N and to the left of N.
2 T is sitting at the lower right position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent F?	right	1
1 R is positioned down and to the left of I.
2 P is directly south west of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 F and O are next to each other with F on the left and O on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	below	1
1 P and Y are horizontal and P is to the right of Y.
2 R is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 O and R are parallel, and O is to the right of R.
2 Object A is above object Y and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 B is south east of V.
2 I is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Q is below and to the left of Y.
2 Q presents upper right to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 If O is the center of a clock face, M is located between 4 and 5.
2 O is positioned in the lower left corner of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the left of object O.
2 T presents over N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 L is above E at 2 o'clock.
2 F is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 V presents upper left to H.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 C is to the bottom right of W.
2 Object W is below object G and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 T is over there and H is on the left of it.
2 T is positioned up and to the right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	below	1
1 D is sitting at the upper right position to E.
2 E is there and C is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object J is positioned above and to the left of object Y.
2 Y is at the lower side of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	right	1
1 O is to the upper left of Y.
2 Y is positioned above and to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 A is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 C is slightly off center to the top left and A is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	left	1
1 P is positioned below Y.
2 U is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 H is on the right side to Q.
2 V is on the left and H is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	left	1
1 L is upper left of K.
2 K is sitting in the left direction of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 B presents lower left to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	left	1
1 X and M are in a horizontal line with X on the left.
2 F presents below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 D presents upper right to M.
2 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	left	1
1 Y is to the top-right of A.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 X presents upper left to R.
2 W is over there and R is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	left	1
1 Z is sitting at the lower right position to F.
2 Object A is above object B and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	below	1
1 M is lower left to V.
2 N is on the left side to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 J presents upper left to C.
2 C is south west of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
2 E is diagonally below C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 W and I are horizontal and W is to the right of I.
2 Y and W are next to each other with W on the right and Y on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	right	1
1 Y and M are side by side with Y to the left and M to the right.
2 R and Y are both there with the object Y below the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	below	1
1 P is over there and H is on the right.
2 P and O are horizontal and P is to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	left	1
1 S is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower righthand corner.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, S is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	above	1
1 A is placed at the bottom of J.
2 Object G is below object J and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	below	1
1 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object E.
2 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 E and Y are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
2 H is positioned above Y and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent H?	below	1
1 E is placed at the upper right of P.
2 P is directly below T.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 E is over there and P is on the left.
2 F is upper right to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 N is over there and C is on the right of it.
2 R presents left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	left	1
1 I is positioned above D and to the right.
2 P is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent P?	left	1
1 R is positioned right to P.
2 P is slightly off center to the top left and F is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	below	1
1 V is on the left side to S.
2 G is at S’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent S?	left	1
1 P and E are in a vertical line with E below P.
2 E is to the right of Z with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	above	1
1 The object C is positioned above and to the left of object J.
2 A is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 P is at C's 12 o'clock.
2 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 X is to the left of N horizontally.
2 R is positioned below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent X?	below	1
1 B and G are parallel, and B is to the left of G.
2 G is upper right to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	left	1
1 Y is on the right side to O.
2 Y presents below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	left	1
1 H is on the upper right of Y.
2 Q is directly below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 H is below X and to the right of X.
2 F is to the bottom right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	overlap	1
1 Z is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 Z is diagonally right and above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 M is to the left of I.
2 T is above and to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	left	1
1 B is sitting at the lower right position to Y.
2 S and B are parallel, and S is over B.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled M.
2 P is positioned above S and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 C is under P.
2 O is above C at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	above	1
1 C is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 C and I are in a horizontal line with C on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	right	1
1 The object B is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
2 B is over there and F is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	right	1
1 The objects O and C are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 C is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly above the object B.
2 Y and I are both there with the object Y above the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent I?	overlap	1
1 G and S are parallel, and G on the left of S.
2 L is diagonally left and below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent G?	below	1
1 Y and E are side by side with Y to the left and E to the right.
2 E and I are in a horizontal line with I on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	right	1
1 V is to the left of Q and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent L?	below	1
1 X is placed at the upper right of K.
2 A and X are next to each other with A on the left and X on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 K is diagonally below T to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 T and U are vertical and T is above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	below	1
1 A is directly north west of S.
2 O and A are next to each other with O on the left and A on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 B is on the right and G is on the left.
2 B is on the lower left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 I is above and to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 C is placed on the top of X.
2 H is positioned left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	right	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper left of M.
2 T is upper right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	left	1
1 H is above I and to the right of I.
2 F and I are vertical and F is above I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the right of G and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 The object F is positioned directly above the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 P and I are side by side with P on the top and I at the bottom.
2 P is to the left of X and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 H is positioned left to G.
2 C is positioned above G and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	above	1
1 A is south east of E.
2 A is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Z is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 The objects Z and V are over there. The object Z is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 The object K is lower and slightly to the right of the object Q.
2 K and J are next to each other with K on the left and J on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 N is positioned up and to the right of X.
2 N is to the left of Y horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 A is on the top and F is at the bottom.
2 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 I is above J at 2 o'clock.
2 J is to the top-right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 C and G are both there with the object C is to the right of object G.
2 C is positioned right to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 W is diagonally right and below N.
2 W presents left to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 M is at the bottom of K vertically.
2 K is over there and G is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 A is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 K is placed at the lower right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 R and Z are side by side with R to the left and Z to the right.
2 H is positioned below and to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned up and to the right of V.
2 V is above X at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 X presents upper left to P.
2 B is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 D is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
2 Z and F are side by side with Z on the top and F at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	below	1
1 J is placed at the upper right of F.
2 P is sitting at the upper left position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 F is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 J is diagonally to the upper left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 P is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 R is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	above	1
1 X is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 B is positioned in the top left corner of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 E and L are parallel, and E is on top of L.
2 L is above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	below	1
1 N is to the top-left of J.
2 P is above and to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Y is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face Y.
2 Y is sitting at the upper right position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 F is on the same horizontal plane directly left to N.
2 I is to the bottom-right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object H and to the right of it, too.
2 M is positioned above and to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Y is directly south east of M.
2 The object Y and I are there. The object Y is below and slightly to the right of the object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 I and W are side by side with I on the top and W at the bottom.
2 I is over there and Y is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the right and G is on the left.
2 D is on the upper right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	below	1
1 W is below and to the right of L.
2 W is below X at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 R is lower right of J.
2 Y is south west of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object Y is positioned directly above the object S.
2 Z is at S’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 The object U is upper and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 I is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 H is south west of J.
2 If H is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	left	1
1 E is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is on the lower left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 The object B and C are there. The object C is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 C is over there and D is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 A is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 O and H are in a horizontal line with H on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 J and U are side by side with U at the bottom and J on the top.
2 M is to the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
2 T is under W.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	below	1
1 I is over there with G below.
2 I is at the 9 o'clock position relative to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
2 V is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	right	1
1 N is diagonally right and below E.
2 N and Z are parallel, and N is under Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 X is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
2 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 D is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 L is sitting at the upper left position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 Y is lower right of W.
2 L is over there and Y is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 B is on the top and R is at the bottom.
2 O and R are both there with the object O above the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	overlap	1
1 F is above H at 10 o'clock.
2 H is upper right to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 W is directly north east of S.
2 The object O is positioned above and to the left of object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally below D to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 V is over there and S is directly above it.
2 S presents lower left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Z is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 C is north west of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower left position to U.
2 Y is positioned below N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	above	1
1 E is upper left of D.
2 T is south west of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	above	1
1 G is to the bottom-left of M.
2 M is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 I is over there and J is on the top of it.
2 J and S are next to each other with S on the right and J on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 B is over there and R is on the top of it.
2 P is to the left of B horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	right	1
1 W is above X and to the left of X.
2 N and X are parallel, and N is to the left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	above	1
1 P is placed at the lower right of Z.
2 N is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 X and F are parallel, and F is below X.
2 The object E is positioned above and to the left of object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 G is to the left of S and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 W and S are side by side with S at the bottom and W on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	right	1
1 U is below Q and to the left of Q.
2 R presents lower left to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 E is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 E is sitting at the upper left position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 L is below V at 4 o'clock.
2 The objects G and L are over there. The object G is above and slightly to the right of the object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the left of J horizontally.
2 X is there and P is at the 5 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent J?	left	1
1 S is lower left to G.
2 S is diagonally right and below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object Z is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
2 N is over there and O is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	above	1
1 B is at J's 3 o'clock.
2 F is sitting at the lower right position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 U is below K.
2 U is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom right of I.
2 I and U are side by side with U at the bottom and I on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent O?	left	1
1 The objects J and Q are over there. The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	below	1
1 D is at the bottom of F vertically.
2 B is positioned up and to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	above	1
1 V is placed at the lower left of W.
2 V is sitting at the upper left position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I is lower left to Q.
2 B presents upper right to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 V and T are both there with the object V above the object T.
2 T is below J and to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	above	1
1 W is south east of A.
2 D and W are side by side with D on the top and W at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 E is below R with a small gap between them.
2 R is positioned below O and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The objects B and A are over there. The object B is above and slightly to the right of the object A.
2 If P is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 K and F are vertical and K is below F.
2 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 Q and R are next to each other with Q on the top and R at the bottom.
2 Q and K are parallel, and Q is on top of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	above	1
1 N is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 The object labeled N is positioned to the right of the object labeled Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Y?	above	1
1 B is directly south east of G.
2 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the lower left of A.
2 The object Y is positioned below and to the left of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 E presents below V.
2 U is over there and V is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	below	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
2 K is upper left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 W is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
2 W is positioned above and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	right	1
1 T is at R’s 9 o'clock.
2 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	right	1
1 V is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
2 V is to the bottom left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	below	1
1 V and L are parallel, and V on the right of L.
2 D is diagonally right and below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 V and B are parallel, and V is to the left of B.
2 O is placed at the bottom of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
2 J is diagonally right and above M.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 O is to the upper left of Y.
2 L is at O's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	right	1
1 Q is to the top of Y vertically.
2 The object S is upper and slightly to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 D is placed on the top of S.
2 Z is positioned above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 P is placed in the left direction of Q.
2 Q and K are in a horizontal line with K on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	left	1
1 F is upper left of C.
2 X and C are parallel, and X is over C.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	right	1
1 P is placed in the left direction of F.
2 Object P is below object U and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 Z is above N and to the left of N.
2 N is at Y's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	below	1
1 K is positioned above S.
2 U is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent S?	right	1
1 P is sitting in the right direction of A.
2 P is at the bottom of L vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 R is below S and to the right of S.
2 H is placed at the upper right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	below	1
1 L is diagonally to the upper left of A.
2 S is at L's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 Y is sitting in the right direction of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	below	1
1 X is lower right of B.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to F, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper right of S.
2 The object labeled V is positioned to the left of the object labeled S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 N is on the right side and below D.
2 N is directly south east of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 R is over U.
2 U is over C.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object J.
2 D is to the bottom-left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
2 D and Y are both there with the object D is to the left of object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	right	1
1 T is over there and R is on the right.
2 T is over there and F is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	left	1
1 B is below J at 4 o'clock.
2 J is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 B and K are side by side with B to the left and K to the right.
2 K presents left to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	right	1
1 T is below and to the left of F.
2 P is lower right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 H is directly below V.
2 V and W are in a vertical line with W below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	above	1
1 Y is on the same vertical plane directly above Z.
2 Q is to the top-left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the left of P with a small gap between them.
2 Z is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	right	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, T is located between 10 and 11.
2 V presents left to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 J is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 X is positioned above F and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 L and K are in a vertical line with K below L.
2 H is under K.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object N is positioned above and to the right of the object O.
2 T is over there with O below.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	left	1
1 Object A is above object L and to the right of it, too.
2 E is at a 45 degree angle to L, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 O is positioned below X and to the right.
2 M is at the bottom of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 F is over I.
2 C is above I.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	overlap	1
1 A is sitting at the lower position to D.
2 Z is above and to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	below	1
1 F is placed at the lower right of N.
2 D is above F at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Object M is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 O is to the upper left of L.
2 The object O is positioned directly below the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	below	1
1 T is at S’s 9 o'clock.
2 T is upper right to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 J and E are next to each other with J on the left and E on the right.
2 R is on the left side to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	right	1
1 S is positioned in the lower left corner of X.
2 The object S is positioned directly above the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	below	1
1 M is sitting in the right direction of J.
2 N is over there with J below.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
2 L is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent W?	left	1
1 D is at the 12 o'clock position relative to B.
2 B is over there and E is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 U presents right to G.
2 G is positioned left to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent G?	right	1
1 K is over there and A is directly below it.
2 O is to the top right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 D and O are parallel, and D on the left of O.
2 V is north east of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 F is upper left of I.
2 P is at the 3 o'clock position relative to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	above	1
1 R is positioned above Y.
2 N is upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 G is to the top right of A.
2 B and A are parallel, and B on the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 N and K are horizontal and N is to the right of K.
2 G is on the top of N and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	left	1
1 K is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 O is positioned above P.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the top of P and is on the same vertical plane.
2 R and P are side by side with R on the top and P at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	below	1
1 S is on the right side and top of P.
2 Z is sitting at the lower right position to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 E is placed at the bottom of C.
2 E is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 V is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
2 O is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	below	1
1 The object I is positioned directly below the object C.
2 C and T are parallel, and C on the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 O is diagonally below J to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 J is on the left side and above P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 X is positioned below W and to the right.
2 The object X is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 B is on the same vertical plane directly above D.
2 S is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	left	1
1 The object V is positioned below and to the left of the object L.
2 M is sitting at the upper left position to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
2 J is over X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	left	1
1 Y is at the bottom and B is on the top.
2 B is diagonally to the bottom right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-right	1
1 The object E and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 C is to the right of K and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 P is on the left and O is on the right.
2 L presents over P.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	right	1
1 S is positioned above N and to the left.
2 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the right side and below G.
2 I is above K.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	above	1
1 B is diagonally right and below D.
2 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 J is above U at 10 o'clock.
2 U is directly north west of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 S is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 S is positioned in the lower left corner of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 O and D are in a horizontal line with O on the left.
2 O is above R and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 R is positioned in the lower right corner of G.
2 R is at the bottom and P is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	right	1
1 X is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 The object U is positioned below and to the right of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the left of B and below B at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 B is on top of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the lower righthand corner.
2 I is to the left of P and below P at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	left	1
1 V is placed at the lower left of R.
2 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 L and R are side by side with R at the bottom and L on the top.
2 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	above	1
1 D is directly above L.
2 C is to the bottom left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the right of I.
2 D and I are in a vertical line with D on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	right	1
1 U is placed in the right direction of A.
2 U is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 H is below and to the right of W.
2 W presents lower right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Y is positioned above and to the left of S.
2 C is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	below	1
1 F presents lower left to I.
2 F is to the left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	above	1
1 W is above and to the right of E.
2 R is above W at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 R is to the top right of O.
2 X is on the top side to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	above	1
1 X is below and to the left of U.
2 D is below X and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 L and S are both there with the object L above the object S.
2 L is over there and Q is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, C is located between 2 and 3.
2 X is on the right side and top of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 Y is sitting in the left direction of L.
2 The object V and Y are there. The object V is below and slightly to the right of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 B and X are parallel, and B is to the left of X.
2 Q is at X's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 U is on the left side to Z.
2 Z is on the right side and top of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 U is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 U is above F with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 C is on the left and P is on the right.
2 Q is over there and C is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	left	1
1 R is below and to the right of N.
2 R is lower left to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	right	1
1 U is to the bottom right of R.
2 R is at the bottom of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Z is at the 9 o'clock position relative to M.
2 L is at the bottom and Z is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	left	1
1 Y and E are side by side with Y to the left and E to the right.
2 If L is the center of a clock face, E is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 K and I are next to each other with I at the bottom K on the top.
2 S is over there with I above.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	below	1
1 L is directly above C.
2 I is directly below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	below	1
1 Q and T are both there with the object Q is to the right of object T.
2 Z and T are both there with the object Z above the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	below	1
1 I is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
2 Y is to the right of I and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Y?	left	1
1 R is placed at the bottom of Y.
2 Y and Q are vertical and Y is above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	above	1
1 U is below and to the right of D.
2 J is at D’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	right	1
1 E is placed at the lower left of H.
2 V is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 W is to the top-left of H.
2 J is at the bottom of W and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent J?	below	1
1 H is below P at 4 o'clock.
2 H is at O's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	right	1
1 W is on the right side and below Q.
2 M is above and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 The object O is positioned above and to the right of the object X.
2 X is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to R.
2 U is sitting at the upper left position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 N is directly south west of O.
2 Object A is above object A and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 O is sitting at the upper right position to R.
2 O is placed at the bottom of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	right	1
1 H and G are side by side with H to the left and G to the right.
2 G is positioned below and to the right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	below	1
1 D is directly south west of Z.
2 T and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 V is to the left of U.
2 U presents upper left to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 F is placed in the left direction of D.
2 D is sitting at the upper left position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the top-left of J.
2 J is diagonally to the upper left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 O is at U's 6 o'clock.
2 U is at F's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	below	1
1 M is diagonally right and below J.
2 W is sitting at the lower left position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 Q is on the right side to A.
2 A is sitting at the lower left position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	left	1
1 H is on the left side and above C.
2 H is positioned below U and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 I is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 N is positioned left to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Y is there and I is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 M is positioned in the front right corner of V.
2 N presents upper left to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 R is sitting in the right direction of P.
2 R is above T and to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 C is directly north east of N.
2 P is to the right of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 The object B is positioned below and to the left of the object T.
2 C is upper right to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 I is south west of A.
2 I presents left to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 C and D are parallel, and C is on top of D.
2 C and M are side by side with C to the right and M to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M is positioned above N.
2 M is placed in the left direction of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 R is upper right to O.
2 E is on the top and O is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 Object B is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 G is above and to the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Q?	overlap	1
1 M is placed at the upper right of P.
2 M is on the right side to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	left	1
1 N is to the left of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 V is to the bottom left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 T is at a 45 degree angle to W, in the lower righthand corner.
2 S is diagonally to the bottom left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 I is on the left side of and below R.
2 R is at U’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 R and A are horizontal and R is to the right of A.
2 R is to the right of P with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	right	1
1 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
2 A is below and to the left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 T is under U.
2 I is sitting in the right direction of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 N is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 N is placed in the left direction of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent N?	right	1
1 R is north east of D.
2 R is above K and to the right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 Q is directly below P.
2 Z presents right to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 U is above Q.
2 A is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	left	1
1 P is at the 6 o'clock position relative to T.
2 G is placed at the upper right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 I is over there with C below.
2 Q is placed in the right direction of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	above	1
1 Q is placed at the bottom of R.
2 E and Q are next to each other with E on the top and Q at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	below	1
1 U is at Q's 3 o'clock.
2 T is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
1 B is upper left of W.
2 W is positioned in the front right corner of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 J is positioned in the top left corner of M.
2 O is over there and J is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent O?	below	1
1 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object X.
2 J and X are next to each other with J on the top and X at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Y and F are next to each other with F at the bottom Y on the top.
2 X is diagonally to the bottom left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 D is positioned in the front right corner of K.
2 Z and D are next to each other with Z on the left and D on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 Z is positioned above and to the left of B.
2 Z is over there and O is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 K and M are both there with the object K is to the right of object M.
2 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	left	1
1 Y and K are horizontal and Y is to the left of K.
2 The object Y is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 T is slightly off center to the top left and N is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 T is diagonally left and above T.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 I and W are both there with the object I above the object W.
2 W is over there and Y is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	above	1
1 R is over there and K is on the right.
2 S is diagonally to the bottom left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 The objects U and C are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object C.
2 B is on the top side to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is positioned above and to the right of the object R.
2 R is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 O is diagonally to the bottom right of W.
2 The objects O and S are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the bottom and T is on the top.
2 C is over there and K is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent K?	above	1
1 J is to the left of M and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 W and M are both there with the object W is to the left of object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	right	1
1 U is positioned above Q and to the right.
2 U is positioned below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The object T is positioned above and to the right of the object C.
2 C and S are parallel, and S is below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to M.
2 M is placed at the upper right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	right	1
1 G is to the left of S horizontally.
2 G is positioned below and to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 G and T are parallel, and G is to the left of T.
2 L is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	right	1
1 E is over there with F above.
2 F is on top of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly left to P.
2 The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	right	1
1 N is on the right side to B.
2 Y is diagonally above N to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 Q and D are in a horizontal line with D on the right.
2 G is placed at the lower right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	below	1
1 P presents left to H.
2 N and H are side by side with N to the left and H to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	right	1
1 F is under B.
2 C is above and to the left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent F?	above	1
1 T is above H and to the right of H.
2 Q is to the top-right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 M is at Q's 6 o'clock.
2 The object M is positioned above and to the left of object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The objects F and E are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 U and E are both there with the object E below the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to H.
2 E is over H.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	above	1
1 M is to the upper left of R.
2 H is diagonally to the upper right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	left	1
1 B and Z are in a vertical line with Z below B.
2 I and Z are parallel, and I is under Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent I?	above	1
1 T is at the bottom of C and is on the same vertical plane.
2 U is sitting at the lower right position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent T?	below	1
1 M is above I with a small gap between them.
2 M is there and B is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	above	1
1 E is above V with a small gap between them.
2 O is to the top of V vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	below	1
1 A is there and X is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 B is at the bottom of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	below	1
1 S is directly north west of U.
2 Z is above S at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to O.
2 K and N are parallel, and K is to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	right	1
1 G is diagonally left and below K.
2 K presents lower right to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 V is to the top of B vertically.
2 The object V is positioned above and to the right of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	below	1
1 E is above A with a small gap between them.
2 Q is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 Q and H are both there with the object Q is to the left of object H.
2 M is above and to the left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	right	1
1 E and G are vertical and E is below G.
2 G is sitting in the right direction of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	right	1
1 W is on the upper right of Y.
2 Y is placed at the bottom of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H presents lower left to V.
2 T is sitting at the upper right position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 P is directly north east of L.
2 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	left	1
1 W is positioned below T.
2 W is diagonally left and below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 E is to the upper left of I.
2 B is placed in the right direction of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 O is to the left of T.
2 Q and T are side by side with Q to the right and T to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	right	1
1 U is diagonally below X to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 R is sitting at the lower position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent R?	above	1
1 P is diagonally to the bottom right of T.
2 P is sitting at the lower right position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 C is below N with a small gap between them.
2 D and N are parallel, and D is on top of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	above	1
1 A is placed at the upper right of C.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O is sitting at the 12:00 position to S.
2 A is diagonally right and above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 W is at the bottom of E.
2 W is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent E?	below	1
1 T is on the left side of and below J.
2 U is above J.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	above	1
1 H is on the right side to F.
2 S is on the right side and top of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 A and J are in a vertical line with J below A.
2 A is on the lower right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	below	1
1 Q is at the lower side of J.
2 J is above P and to the right of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 V is at E's 6 o'clock.
2 L is on the top of E and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent E?	above	1
1 Y is at the bottom of E vertically.
2 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Q and B are both there with the object Q is to the left of object B.
2 J and B are parallel, and J is on top of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	left	1
1 Y is diagonally below Z to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Y is at F's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 O is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 O is at L's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the bottom right of T.
2 L is positioned above and to the left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the left and Q is on the right.
2 R is below L with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	left	1
1 J is above Y with a small gap between them.
2 J is to the bottom-left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	below	1
1 J is below and to the left of W.
2 Object L is below object J and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 D is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
2 M is diagonally below B to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	right	1
1 O presents over R.
2 B is diagonally below R to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 Object B is below object Q and to the right of it, too.
2 The object F is positioned above and to the left of object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 S and R are parallel, and S is on top of R.
2 S and D are both there with the object D below the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	above	1
1 G is under U.
2 J is to the left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	left	1
1 G is at the lower side of W.
2 J is on the left and W is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	below	1
1 Z is diagonally to the bottom right of H.
2 H is on the left side of and below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 X is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
2 M is sitting at the lower right position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Q is placed at the upper right of B.
2 M presents right to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent B?	right	1
1 W is positioned in the front right corner of D.
2 W is on the top side to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 M is sitting at the lower right position to R.
2 C is at R's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	below	1
1 U is to the bottom right of R.
2 J is there and R is at the 2 position of a clock face J.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 D and Z are parallel, and Z is below D.
2 Z and B are both there with the object B below the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent B?	above	1
1 F is below E and to the left of E.
2 L is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 M is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 E is at the bottom of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 Q is on the same vertical plane directly above X.
2 The object I is lower and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	upper-left	1
1 E and N are side by side with N at the bottom and E on the top.
2 If N is the center of a clock face, X is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 R and A are side by side with R to the right and A to the left.
2 R is positioned above H and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 G is positioned below N and to the left.
2 G is positioned in the lower right corner of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 R is to the top right of C.
2 O is diagonally below C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 Z is directly south east of X.
2 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 E is lower right of W.
2 Y is diagonally above W to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 X and F are horizontal and X is to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 I is over there and S is directly above it.
2 I is positioned below R and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent S?	below	1
1 Q is on the lower right of F.
2 R is below and to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	right	1
1 S is diagonally left and below L.
2 P is on the same vertical plane directly above S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent P?	below	1
1 I is diagonally above W to the right at a 45 degree.
2 W is placed at the lower left of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 Z is positioned in the lower left corner of Q.
2 Q is placed at the lower left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 The object U is positioned directly above the object X.
2 X and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 A presents upper right to J.
2 A is positioned below S and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 J is sitting at the upper left position to B.
2 N is above and to the right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 D is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
2 H is on top of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned above G and to the right.
2 G is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 B presents right to Q.
2 Q is sitting at the 6:00 position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	left	1
1 T is placed at the upper left of U.
2 U and Q are side by side with Q at the bottom and U on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally left and above H.
2 H is sitting at the top position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Object F is below object C and to the left of it, too.
2 G is to the bottom right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 W is on the left side to B.
2 D presents lower left to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the top right of S.
2 S presents upper right to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 B is sitting at the 6:00 position to H.
2 H and O are side by side with O at the bottom and H on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	below	1
1 R is to the left of L with a small gap between them.
2 R is positioned below K and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 X is placed at the upper right of T.
2 X is above K at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally to the upper right of O.
2 L is south west of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 D is to the upper left of O.
2 K is placed on the top of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent K?	left	1
1 B is diagonally above Q to the right at a 45 degree.
2 The object labeled C is positioned to the right of the object labeled Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Q?	right	1
1 M and V are next to each other with V at the bottom M on the top.
2 M and U are parallel, and M is on top of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	below	1
1 R is diagonally right and below O.
2 G is placed at the lower right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 N is on the left side of and below F.
2 The object labeled N is positioned to the left of the object labeled X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent F?	below	1
1 X is to the left of C and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Y is below C with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent C?	below	1
1 Z is north east of L.
2 R and Z are parallel, and R on the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent L?	above	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly below N.
2 A is at D's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	above	1
1 P is placed at the lower right of Z.
2 P and H are vertical and P is below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent H?	below	1
1 C is on the left and O is on the right.
2 C is positioned in the lower left corner of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	left	1
1 F is on the left side to I.
2 The object F is positioned directly above the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	left	1
1 P is above A.
2 F is placed at the upper left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	below	1
1 O is placed at the bottom of X.
2 G is on the left side to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E is at the 3 o'clock position relative to A.
2 D is above E with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	left	1
1 C is above V.
2 C is diagonally to the upper right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent V?	above	1
1 The objects U and Z are over there. The object U is above and slightly to the right of the object Z.
2 U is diagonally to the upper left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	right	1
1 W is placed at the lower right of Z.
2 W is positioned left to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 W is to the upper left of D.
2 I is positioned in the lower left corner of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 The object W is upper and slightly to the right of the object I.
2 O is under I.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	below	1
1 C presents right to W.
2 Z and W are horizontal and Z is to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	right	1
1 Z is over there and P is on the left.
2 P is to the left of M and below M at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 X is directly above N.
2 X and Y are both there with the object X is to the left of object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly below S.
2 S is positioned above D and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	above	1
1 H is to the bottom left of I.
2 H and B are horizontal and H is to the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	left	1
1 L is there and Q is at the 2 position of a clock face L.
2 J and L are parallel, and J is under L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 L is over there and X is on the left.
2 T is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent T?	left	1
1 If Q is the center of a clock face, F is located between 10 and 11.
2 H is below Q at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	above	1
1 B is to the right of U and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 U is sitting at the 3:00 position to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled H.
2 I is at the lower side of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	left	1
1 U is upper left of J.
2 E presents right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 L is over there with V above.
2 E and V are both there with the object E is to the left of object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent V?	left	1
1 G and Z are next to each other with G on the top and Z at the bottom.
2 H is upper right to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 F is placed at the lower right of N.
2 T is positioned below F and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 L and P are parallel, and L on the right of P.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 R is below N at 7 o'clock.
2 P is sitting in the right direction of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
2 J is placed at the upper right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 I is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Q?	above	1
1 F is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 The object F is positioned below and to the left of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 I is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Q is at the 9 o'clock position relative to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	below	1
1 E presents below N.
2 V is positioned below N and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent E?	below	1
1 O is to the left of L.
2 N presents upper right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	right	1
1 Object N is below object I and to the right of it, too.
2 V is to the upper left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned in the lower left corner of H.
2 V is north west of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	lower-right	1
1 A and X are side by side with A to the right and X to the left.
2 X is diagonally below Q to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 F and X are in a horizontal line with F on the left.
2 M is to the left of F with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	left	1
1 F is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 P is to the bottom-right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 V is at the bottom of O vertically.
2 K is at the bottom of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	below	1
1 C is south west of J.
2 C is placed in the right direction of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 U is diagonally left and below T.
2 U is on the same horizontal plane directly right to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object J is lower and slightly to the left of the object O.
2 A is directly south east of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	left	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, W is located between 4 and 5.
2 X is on the right side to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 E is there and A is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 Z is on the lower left of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 The object K and T are there. The object K is below and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 N is diagonally left and above N.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	overlap	1
1 J is positioned below and to the right of G.
2 D is on the same horizontal plane directly right to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M presents right to D.
2 Q and D are parallel, and Q on the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent M?	left	1
1 H is to the right of A with a small gap between them.
2 X is over there with A above.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	right	1
1 U is sitting at the top position to A.
2 A and X are in a horizontal line with A on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent X?	left	1
1 Y is on the left side to C.
2 The objects C and W are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	right	1
1 L presents right to F.
2 F is diagonally below C to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent L?	left	1
1 J is on the left side and above K.
2 K is on the left side to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 E presents lower right to V.
2 Y is below V at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, O is located between 2 and 3.
2 O is directly above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	right	1
1 U is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 U is positioned left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 R is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
2 F is sitting at the upper right position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 F is sitting in the right direction of M.
2 F is at the bottom and R is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 R is below and to the left of L.
2 T is on the right and R is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent T?	above	1
1 Y is placed at the upper right of J.
2 E is to the top of Y vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The object H is positioned above and to the left of object R.
2 H is at the bottom of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	below	1
1 V is below L and to the left of L.
2 T is positioned in the top left corner of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 Y is directly south west of P.
2 If P is the center of a clock face, I is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the upper right of H.
2 C and H are side by side with C to the right and H to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	below	1
1 R is directly south west of O.
2 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 M is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to A, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 F is placed at the upper right of U.
2 G and U are in a vertical line with G on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	above	1
1 H is positioned in the front right corner of Q.
2 O is to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 F is on the same vertical plane directly below Y.
2 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	below	1
1 S is positioned above and to the left of X.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, K is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally left and above H.
2 A is on the left side to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 D is positioned above and to the left of F.
2 F is on the left side of and below A.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 M is to the bottom-left of D.
2 D is sitting at the 6:00 position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent T?	below	1
1 P is below Q at 7 o'clock.
2 W is below Q with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	left	1
1 D is on the same vertical plane directly above Y.
2 D is diagonally to the upper right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	above	1
1 O is placed at the bottom of U.
2 V presents upper left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	above	1
1 U is sitting at the upper right position to Q.
2 U is to the right of M with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	right	1
1 V is above J at 10 o'clock.
2 Z is positioned above and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 V and Z are parallel, and V on the right of Z.
2 Z is sitting at the 3:00 position to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent V?	right	1
1 D is to the upper left of C.
2 V is positioned in the front right corner of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 R is diagonally above M to the right at a 45 degree.
2 M is diagonally to the upper left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 D is at the bottom of B and is on the same vertical plane.
2 F is on the left side and above D.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the top of U vertically.
2 J is north east of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	left	1
1 The objects D and T are over there. The object D is above and slightly to the right of the object T.
2 B is diagonally right and below D.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Object A is above object N and to the left of it, too.
2 X is on the right and A is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 X is to the right and above J at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 J and P are side by side with J on the top and P at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 G and C are side by side with G to the left and C to the right.
2 X and C are parallel, and X on the right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 E is below H and to the left of H.
2 B is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	above	1
1 H is diagonally left and above H.
2 The object J is positioned above and to the right of the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 D presents lower right to N.
2 Q is below and to the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Y is upper right to D.
2 D is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 Y is above and to the left of D.
2 T is over there and Y is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	below	1
1 B is sitting at the lower left position to P.
2 B is lower right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 B is on the right and Q is on the left.
2 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Q?	right	1
1 T is upper right to B.
2 Z is on the right side to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent T?	right	1
1 W is below R.
2 R is at N's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent W?	above	1
1 J is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 C is to the bottom right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to P.
2 A is directly below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent A?	above	1
1 K is upper left of Q.
2 V is placed at the bottom of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 C is on the top of J and is on the same vertical plane.
2 C is on the same vertical plane directly above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 T and M are vertical and T is below M.
2 M and H are in a vertical line with H below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent H?	above	1
1 X is placed at the bottom of D.
2 N is upper left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 N is below and to the left of H.
2 S is below H at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 H is over there with I below.
2 Object W is below object H and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	left	1
1 A is at C's 12 o'clock.
2 J is above C with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	above	1
1 U is positioned down and to the left of R.
2 J presents upper right to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is lower and slightly to the left of the object T.
2 The object X is upper and slightly to the right of the object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 C and S are both there with the object C above the object S.
2 G is at the 9 o'clock position relative to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 S is to the left of C horizontally.
2 The object labeled U is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 A and H are side by side with A to the left and H to the right.
2 A is on top of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent H?	left	1
1 L is to the right of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 N is directly below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent N?	above	1
1 K is positioned above N and to the right.
2 E is to the top of N vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	left	1
1 M and N are side by side with M on the top and N at the bottom.
2 M is sitting at the lower position to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	below	1
1 B is sitting in the left direction of M.
2 M is to the bottom right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 L is on the left side of and below B.
2 L is positioned in the top left corner of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 P is placed in the right direction of W.
2 W is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 H is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 Y is to the right of W with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Y?	left	1
1 V is north east of E.
2 V presents right to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 K is above O and to the left of O.
2 O and E are parallel, and O is over E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent O?	below	1
1 G is sitting at the lower left position to I.
2 W and G are both there with the object G below the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	left	1
1 D and I are side by side with D on the top and I at the bottom.
2 If I is the center of a clock face, V is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object X is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 Y is sitting at the upper left position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 W is on the left side to U.
2 W and A are both there with the object W is to the left of object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	left	1
1 B and A are side by side with B on the top and A at the bottom.
2 A and Y are parallel, and A is under Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	below	1
1 V is at S's 6 o'clock.
2 Y is lower left to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 M is at B's 6 o'clock.
2 The object K is positioned above and to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent B?	upper-right	1
1 I and R are parallel, and I is to the right of R.
2 R is positioned in the lower left corner of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 J presents lower left to B.
2 I is over there and J is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	right	1
1 P is at the 12 o'clock position relative to T.
2 P is diagonally below U to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	above	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 J is at the bottom of L vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	below	1
1 G and X are horizontal and G is to the left of X.
2 E is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 T and J are both there with the object T above the object J.
2 R is to the left of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	left	1
1 J is at the 3 o'clock position relative to N.
2 J is to the right and above S at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object A is lower and slightly to the left of the object I.
2 L is to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent L?	above	1
1 O is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Y.
2 S is at Y's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	above	1
1 T and W are side by side with T on the top and W at the bottom.
2 The object T is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent W?	above	1
1 J and X are horizontal and J is to the left of X.
2 K is on the same vertical plane directly below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	left	1
1 R is at the 12 o'clock position relative to P.
2 H is above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	below	1
1 A and F are parallel, and A is to the right of F.
2 F is to the bottom left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
2 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled C.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 L is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
2 L is over there and A is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent A?	left	1
1 S is positioned up and to the right of J.
2 X is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object L.
2 Q and F are side by side with Q to the right and F to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 M is below V and to the right of V.
2 P is below V at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 G and S are parallel, and S is below G.
2 G is at the bottom and E is on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	below	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to Q, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 O and Q are next to each other with O on the top and Q at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Q?	above	1
1 T is diagonally to the upper right of V.
2 G and V are side by side with G to the right and V to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	right	1
1 I is placed at the upper left of F.
2 I is sitting at the 6:00 position to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 I is to the top-left of R.
2 Y and R are next to each other with R on the right and Y on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	left	1
1 U and K are vertical and U is above K.
2 K is slightly off center to the top left and O is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 S is south east of G.
2 D and S are next to each other with S on the right and D on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	left	1
1 B is diagonally left and above B.
2 C is positioned above N and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 J is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Q is placed at the bottom of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	above	1
1 Object A is above object T and to the right of it, too.
2 J and T are in a vertical line with J on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	below	1
1 Object Y is above object X and to the left of it, too.
2 D and Y are parallel, and D on the left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting at the top position to E.
2 L is on top of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 The objects E and S are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object S.
2 K and E are side by side with K to the right and E to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 X is on the right side to I.
2 R is over there and I is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	right	1
1 V is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
2 D and P are in a horizontal line with P on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 The object I is positioned below and to the right of the object A.
2 V and I are side by side with V on the top and I at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O is placed at the bottom of V.
2 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	above	1
1 Q and I are parallel, and Q is to the left of I.
2 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	left	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 The object H is upper and slightly to the right of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 T is there and R is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 T is sitting at the 6:00 position to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 The object U and K are there. The object K is above and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 U is on top of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 A is positioned in the top left corner of K.
2 A and I are horizontal and A is to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally right and above A.
2 A is north west of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Z?	below	1
1 The objects A and M are over there. The object A is above and slightly to the right of the object M.
2 X and M are vertical and X is below M.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	below	1
1 H presents upper right to R.
2 H is on the right side to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 F and I are side by side with F on the top and I at the bottom.
2 D is to the top-right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent I?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
2 Y is above G at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent W?	above	1
1 R is positioned above G and to the left.
2 R is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 X presents lower right to R.
2 A is placed in the right direction of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	left	1
1 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
2 R is over there and Z is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	left	1
1 D is placed at the upper right of H.
2 A is placed at the bottom of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 W is on the lower left of X.
2 G is below X with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent X?	below	1
1 T and U are side by side with U at the bottom and T on the top.
2 U and J are side by side with J at the bottom and U on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	above	1
1 J presents left to K.
2 K is to the top right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to U.
2 U is directly north west of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent U?	right	1
1 K presents upper left to M.
2 M and Z are parallel, and M is to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 H and F are both there with the object H is to the right of object F.
2 H is to the bottom-left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent F?	left	1
1 O and A are both there with the object O is to the right of object A.
2 W is diagonally to the upper right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of F.
2 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 Y is directly south east of A.
2 C is sitting at the 6:00 position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 B is below and to the right of U.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to U, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	overlap	1
1 Q is placed at the upper left of Z.
2 J is diagonally right and above Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 L and W are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
2 W and R are side by side with R at the bottom and W on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	above	1
1 Object Z is above object R and to the left of it, too.
2 E presents over Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 A is south east of Z.
2 W is over there and A is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 M and I are side by side with M to the left and I to the right.
2 X is to the left of M horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	right	1
1 A is placed at the lower left of Y.
2 M is positioned above and to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled R is positioned to the left of the object labeled B.
2 W is diagonally right and above R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object W is lower and slightly to the right of the object J.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, J is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	right	1
1 W is at the 12 o'clock position relative to E.
2 W is positioned below G and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	below	1
1 N and C are side by side with N to the right and C to the left.
2 N is diagonally to the upper right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z presents lower right to S.
2 S is over there and N is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent N?	right	1
1 R is diagonally left and below J.
2 C and J are parallel, and J is below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 Y is to the left of H horizontally.
2 S is diagonally to the upper left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Object J is below object B and to the left of it, too.
2 H and B are side by side with H to the left and B to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	left	1
1 C is to the left of J.
2 The object J is lower and slightly to the right of the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 F is below O and to the right of O.
2 V is under O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent F?	upper-left	1
1 K is above B at 10 o'clock.
2 B is placed in the left direction of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	left	1
1 N is over there and X is directly below it.
2 N is on the right side and top of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	left	1
1 Z is on the upper right of S.
2 The object D is upper and slightly to the right of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 T is to the right of I with a small gap between them.
2 I is sitting at the top position to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	below	1
1 N is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
2 N is positioned in the lower left corner of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	left	1
1 T is on the left side of and below V.
2 X is to the top right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
2 Q is to the bottom-left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	right	1
1 H is upper left of Z.
2 Z is below U and to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 P is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face P.
2 S is below Y at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the top of F vertically.
2 E is below and to the left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 J is at the bottom of R.
2 J is at the bottom of E and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent E?	above	1
1 If V is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
2 K is at the bottom of A vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent K?	left	1
1 O is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 G and D are parallel, and G on the right of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled X.
2 X presents upper left to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	right	1
1 Y is above A with a small gap between them.
2 Y and X are next to each other with X on the right and Y on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Q is placed in the right direction of P.
2 X is on the right and Q is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	right	1
1 S is north east of O.
2 S is below and to the left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 A is diagonally above D to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 The object C is positioned above and to the right of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 T is there and Z is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 F is at the 9 o'clock position relative to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent F?	below	1
1 N is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 P is over A.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent P?	left	1
1 C is under P.
2 The object C is lower and slightly to the right of the object B.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	above	1
1 S and J are vertical and S is below J.
2 T is to the bottom right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 N is diagonally left and above N.
2 D presents lower right to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 M is sitting at the lower left position to S.
2 M is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Y and E are parallel, and Y is under E.
2 F is to the right of E and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 F and P are parallel, and F is to the left of P.
2 P is sitting at the top position to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	above	1
1 H is positioned down and to the left of J.
2 Q is positioned above and to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 E is sitting at the 9:00 position of D.
2 The objects E and W are over there. The object E is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	right	1
1 T is to the bottom left of W.
2 W is at S's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 Q and F are both there with the object F below the object Q.
2 Z is over there with F below.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 D is sitting at the 3:00 position to P.
2 P is at a 45 degree angle to M, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 W is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 B presents left to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent B?	right	1
1 C is above J with a small gap between them.
2 H and C are parallel, and C is below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	below	1
1 K presents right to V.
2 M is above V and to the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 H is sitting at the top position to S.
2 The object P is positioned directly below the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	above	1
1 G and E are horizontal and G is to the left of E.
2 T and E are parallel, and T is to the right of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	right	1
1 D is diagonally right and above Z.
2 Z is sitting at the upper left position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	below	1
1 V is at M's 3 o'clock.
2 The objects E and V are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object V.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	left	1
1 U is directly above V.
2 U presents upper right to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 M presents upper left to U.
2 H and M are both there with the object H is to the right of object M.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
2 C and N are in a horizontal line with N on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	right	1
1 R is over there and X is on the top of it.
2 R is at the lower side of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 P is on the left and H is on the right.
2 P is positioned in the front right corner of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 A is over there and X is on the top of it.
2 The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent C?	right	1
1 D and W are both there with the object D is to the left of object W.
2 D is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	above	1
1 E is to the top-left of N.
2 Z and E are vertical and Z is below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	upper-left	1
1 V is to the right of Y horizontally.
2 U is at Y's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 K is on top of F.
2 K is below and to the left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 O is below G at 7 o'clock.
2 O is on the same horizontal plane directly right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent O?	left	1
1 L is there and J is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 N is on the lower right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent J?	lower-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the 9:00 position of C.
2 C is diagonally left and above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 E presents left to P.
2 The object D and E are there. The object D is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	above	1
1 B presents over N.
2 V and N are parallel, and N is below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent N?	above	1
1 I is below G with a small gap between them.
2 G is diagonally to the upper right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 T is diagonally above J to the right at a 45 degree.
2 Y is to the top-right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 L is directly above Q.
2 F is placed at the upper left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	right	1
1 A is to the top right of C.
2 C is to the bottom left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 The object U is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
2 The object G and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 H is below B with a small gap between them.
2 Z is on the top and H is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent B?	below	1
1 X is over there and S is on the left.
2 S is north west of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent X?	below	1
1 U is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 U is to the bottom left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent X?	left	1
1 S is on the lower left of Q.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is there and B is at the 2 position of a clock face V.
2 V is to the left of K with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Z and T are next to each other with Z on the left and T on the right.
2 Object L is below object Z and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent L?	above	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 O is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent H?	right	1
1 S is below U at 7 o'clock.
2 U and A are horizontal and U is to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 S is positioned in the front right corner of W.
2 S is to the left of X and below X at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 D and W are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
2 Object A is above object Z and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 The object M is upper and slightly to the left of the object U.
2 M is to the bottom-right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 C is at the bottom and W is on the top.
2 W is positioned above O and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	above	1
1 H is diagonally to the upper right of C.
2 C is to the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 W is placed in the right direction of V.
2 T presents upper left to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 G is lower right of U.
2 Y and U are side by side with U at the bottom and Y on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 I is positioned up and to the right of W.
2 W is there and K is at the 2 position of a clock face W.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 I is positioned in the top left corner of C.
2 C is at B’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 H is to the top-left of E.
2 E presents lower left to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent H?	right	1
1 M and C are side by side with M to the right and C to the left.
2 F is at C's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent M?	left	1
1 The objects N and P are over there. The object N is lower and slightly to the left of the object P.
2 If P is the center of a clock face, A is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 The object labeled S is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
2 S is over there and N is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent S?	left	1
1 Z is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 Z is on the lower left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent W?	lower-left	1
1 R and Y are side by side with R to the right and Y to the left.
2 D is positioned left to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	left	1
1 S is positioned up and to the right of J.
2 V is placed in the right direction of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to I, in the upper righthand corner.
2 W presents lower right to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent W?	left	1
1 W is at E's 3 o'clock.
2 L and E are parallel, and L is under E.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 A is placed at the bottom of H.
2 Z is sitting at the 9:00 position of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Z?	right	1
1 Q is sitting in the left direction of S.
2 R and S are side by side with R to the right and S to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent R?	left	1
1 D is to the bottom-left of P.
2 G is below D at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 S is positioned in the front right corner of Z.
2 S presents lower left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 W is diagonally right and above Y.
2 Y is to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent V?	right	1
1 R is on the top and T is at the bottom.
2 C is diagonally left and above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	above	1
1 S and L are vertical and S is below L.
2 R is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 L is below P.
2 L is over there and B is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	below	1
1 I is there and M is at the 5 position of a clock face.
2 I is positioned left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 X is diagonally right and above M.
2 S is to the right of X with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	right	1
1 If E is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 10 and 11.
2 Q is to the right and above W at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 W is north east of B.
2 W is over U.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent U?	above	1
1 M is on the lower left of U.
2 M is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 M is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 E presents over M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent E?	below	1
1 S is sitting at the upper left position to T.
2 The object X is upper and slightly to the left of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 N is placed at the lower left of J.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to N, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 F and G are side by side with G at the bottom and F on the top.
2 If F is the center of a clock face, V is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent F?	upper-right	1
1 X is diagonally left and above X.
2 J is positioned above I and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	below	1
1 J is to the left of W.
2 W is placed at the upper right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	left	1
1 T presents upper right to K.
2 W presents right to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	lower-left	1
1 W is on top of Y.
2 T is at the 9 o'clock position relative to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent T?	right	1
1 N is on the lower left of Y.
2 The object B is positioned directly above the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Y?	above	1
1 E is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
2 P is diagonally left and above P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 X is positioned down and to the left of Q.
2 The object Q is lower and slightly to the right of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 The object A is positioned directly below the object D.
2 A is above and to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 The object N and X are there. The object N is below and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 X is slightly off center to the top left and Q is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 L is positioned below O and to the right.
2 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 B is directly south east of P.
2 V is on the left side to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 Object M is below object G and to the left of it, too.
2 G is lower left to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object W is positioned below and to the left of the object T.
2 O is diagonally left and above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object N is positioned directly below the object I.
2 H is over there and I is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 W and A are parallel, and A is below W.
2 C and W are horizontal and C is to the right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	right	1
1 C and V are both there with the object C above the object V.
2 C is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	right	1
1 O is over there and I is directly below it.
2 I is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent O?	below	1
1 X is placed at the upper left of I.
2 K is directly south west of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 K is at J’s 9 o'clock.
2 K is below N and to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent K?	right	1
1 If P is the center of a clock face, G is located between 4 and 5.
2 T is directly north east of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 V is over there and K is directly above it.
2 X and K are next to each other with X on the left and K on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent V?	above	1
1 N is at V’s 9 o'clock.
2 A is on the right side and top of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent V?	left	1
1 D is above F with a small gap between them.
2 Y presents lower left to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	below	1
1 D is there and W is at the 2 position of a clock face D.
2 Object W is below object A and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 S is over there and A is on the right of it.
2 The object labeled P is positioned to the right of the object labeled S.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent S?	right	1
1 W is at the 6 o'clock position relative to J.
2 N is below W with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	above	1
1 Y is sitting at the lower position to N.
2 N and U are vertical and N is above U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	overlap	1
1 I is directly south east of T.
2 T is at the bottom of U and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent I?	left	1
1 J is above G and to the left of G.
2 Q is on the right and G is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent G?	right	1
1 J presents upper right to O.
2 H is over there and O is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent O?	above	1
1 D and E are in a horizontal line with D on the left.
2 D is to the upper left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 F and N are horizontal and F is to the left of N.
2 Y is to the left of N and below N at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	below	1
1 D is on the lower left of I.
2 H is over there with I below.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 O is north west of Q.
2 K is at the lower side of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	below	1
1 Y and T are side by side with Y on the top and T at the bottom.
2 The objects T and Q are over there. The object T is lower and slightly to the left of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	right	1
1 C is over there and S is directly below it.
2 G is to the upper left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	right	1
1 Y is north west of T.
2 K is positioned above T.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object Q is positioned directly below the object G.
2 P is below and to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 Q and Y are side by side with Q to the right and Y to the left.
2 K is at Y's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	below	1
1 W is positioned in the top left corner of J.
2 L and J are in a vertical line with J below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 The object E is positioned directly below the object Z.
2 K is at Z’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 K is sitting at the 3:00 position to X.
2 E is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 The object N is positioned directly below the object X.
2 The object F is lower and slightly to the left of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z is lower left to P.
2 P is below I and to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Object Z is above object R and to the left of it, too.
2 R is below and to the left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object labeled C is positioned to the left of the object labeled F.
2 Y is above F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent C?	right	1
1 K is on the left side to A.
2 N and K are in a horizontal line with N on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	left	1
1 V is sitting at the upper right position to I.
2 Q is positioned in the lower right corner of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 F is over there and A is at the bottom of it.
2 W and A are side by side with W to the right and A to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 L is above A.
2 S is at the lower side of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent L?	below	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
2 C is sitting at the 3:00 position to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Z?	left	1
1 S is on the same vertical plane directly above I.
2 C is to the top-left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Y is above A and to the right of A.
2 O is to the top-left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 S and M are in a horizontal line with M on the right.
2 M is over there and K is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	left	1
1 F and U are next to each other with U at the bottom F on the top.
2 Y and F are in a horizontal line with F on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 R is over Q.
2 Q is diagonally to the upper left of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 If X is the center of a clock face, G is located between 2 and 3.
2 G is diagonally above Z to the right at a 45 degree.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 W is diagonally below X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 W is placed at the lower left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 P is positioned down and to the left of Z.
2 Z is at the 12 o'clock position relative to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	below	1
1 O is to the left of Z horizontally.
2 Z is below Y at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 Z is above D and to the right of D.
2 D is sitting at the upper left position to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Z?	below	1
1 X and F are side by side with X on the top and F at the bottom.
2 F and B are parallel, and F on the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Z is diagonally below F to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 F and R are next to each other with F on the left and R on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 F is above M at 2 o'clock.
2 F and W are next to each other with W at the bottom F on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent M?	right	1
1 If G is the center of a clock face, R is located between 2 and 3.
2 B is diagonally below R to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 G is positioned in the lower right corner of P.
2 P is above H at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent H?	right	1
1 S is placed at the bottom of U.
2 U is positioned above O and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	above	1
1 V is directly south west of P.
2 V and A are in a vertical line with A below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent V?	below	1
1 N is at U's 6 o'clock.
2 N and T are next to each other with N on the top and T at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	above	1
1 W is on the left side and above B.
2 W and I are both there with the object W is to the left of object I.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent I?	left	1
1 X is sitting at the upper right position to S.
2 X is under P.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent P?	below	1
1 J and N are parallel, and N is below J.
2 The object M is positioned above and to the right of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 I is diagonally to the upper right of V.
2 I is below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	above	1
1 A and Y are parallel, and A on the right of Y.
2 L is sitting in the right direction of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 P is positioned right to F.
2 P is positioned up and to the right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	above	1
1 E and T are horizontal and E is to the right of T.
2 T is at the 6 o'clock position relative to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent T?	left	1
1 O is sitting at the 9:00 position of N.
2 N and S are side by side with S at the bottom and N on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	above	1
1 T is on the top of U and is on the same vertical plane.
2 Object E is below object T and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	above	1
1 L is to the left of H and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 D is at H's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent D?	above	1
1 Y is to the right and above U at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 U is sitting at the 6:00 position to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	right	1
1 S is over there and Z is on the left.
2 The object Z is lower and slightly to the right of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 Q and U are horizontal and Q is to the left of U.
2 Y is to the right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	right	1
1 W is to the right of N and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 N is to the upper left of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the top side to E.
2 R is south east of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 The objects O and N are over there. The object O is above and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 B and N are horizontal and B is to the left of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent N?	upper-right	1
1 M and C are side by side with M to the left and C to the right.
2 M is on the top and O is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	lower-left	1
1 S is on the lower left of O.
2 S is positioned above Z and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 D is above F with a small gap between them.
2 F is to the bottom-left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	below	1
1 O is to the right of Q horizontally.
2 R and Q are next to each other with R on the left and Q on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent R?	right	1
1 A is to the left of T and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 R is at A's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 E is to the bottom-right of Q.
2 E is diagonally left and below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	left	1
1 M is above Q and to the left of Q.
2 Y is placed at the bottom of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 Y is directly below C.
2 O is below C and to the left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent Y?	above	1
1 B is to the bottom-right of O.
2 I is diagonally below B to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 C is above and to the right of M.
2 O is on the lower right of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 C is over there and Z is on the left.
2 T is above and to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Z?	upper-right	1
1 E is sitting at the lower right position to S.
2 D and S are both there with the object D above the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent D?	lower-right	1
1 K is placed at the bottom of T.
2 T is sitting at the 12:00 position to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Z presents below L.
2 E and L are parallel, and E is over L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 Object U is above object G and to the left of it, too.
2 U is positioned right to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent N?	right	1
1 N is over there and O is directly above it.
2 W is north east of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	left	1
1 K is at U’s 9 o'clock.
2 Q is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 R is positioned above G and to the left.
2 G is on the left side to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Z is over O.
2 O is to the right of S with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent S?	right	1
1 W is above X.
2 I is at the 12 o'clock position relative to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent I?	below	1
1 S is sitting at the 3:00 position to I.
2 S and O are in a horizontal line with O on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	right	1
1 V and J are next to each other with J on the right and V on the left.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, J is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 Object X is below object J and to the left of it, too.
2 S is positioned below J and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 If D is the center of a clock face, A is located between 2 and 3.
2 F is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 G is to the right of V horizontally.
2 U is at the 6 o'clock position relative to V.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 T is below and to the left of K.
2 F is positioned in the top left corner of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 S and Q are parallel, and S is on top of Q.
2 If P is the center of a clock face, S is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 F is to the right and above B at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 F is positioned right to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent G?	below	1
1 S is directly south west of Q.
2 Q and I are vertical and Q is above I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 K and D are both there with the object K is to the right of object D.
2 Q and K are parallel, and Q is under K.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	below	1
1 Y is directly south east of R.
2 E is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	overlap	1
1 O and Y are both there with the object Y below the object O.
2 G is there and Y is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	above	1
1 E is to the bottom right of O.
2 O is to the bottom-right of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 R is on the top and B is at the bottom.
2 B is at the bottom of P vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent P?	below	1
1 F is to the upper left of E.
2 D is positioned below F and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	above	1
1 D and M are both there with the object D is to the left of object M.
2 The object C is positioned below and to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent D?	right	1
1 The object P is upper and slightly to the left of the object C.
2 P is on the same horizontal plane directly left to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent W?	below	1
1 Y is slightly off center to the top left and H is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 If Y is the center of a clock face, W is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Object A is above object Q and to the left of it, too.
2 A presents right to G.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 R is sitting at the lower right position to J.
2 The object A is positioned above and to the left of object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 T is directly below G.
2 H and G are next to each other with G on the right and H on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 S is diagonally left and below Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent S?	left	1
1 B is to the bottom right of R.
2 The object R is positioned directly above the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 I and Y are in a horizontal line with Y on the right.
2 P is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 O is over there and C is directly above it.
2 C and P are next to each other with P on the right and C on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent O?	above	1
1 T is positioned right to F.
2 B is there and T is at the 2 position of a clock face B.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent T?	left	1
1 J is at S's 3 o'clock.
2 Q is sitting at the upper left position to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent J?	left	1
1 V is on the left side and above N.
2 N is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 G is on the left side of and below Z.
2 G is on the left and I is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent I?	left	1
1 K presents upper right to Y.
2 O is above K.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 P presents left to N.
2 If S is the center of a clock face, P is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent N?	left	1
1 Z is positioned down and to the left of R.
2 J is above Z and to the left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 O is on the right side to I.
2 J is positioned up and to the right of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent J?	lower-left	1
1 J is there and O is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 J is below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 D is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
2 L is to the top of D vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 Q is to the bottom-left of W.
2 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 N is on the left side and above Y.
2 Y is at Z's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 Q and N are parallel, and Q is over N.
2 L is positioned below N and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 T is diagonally above H to the right at a 45 degree.
2 T is on the left and L is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 M is upper right to F.
2 T is positioned right to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	right	1
1 V is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
2 P is south west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent V?	left	1
1 Z and C are parallel, and Z is to the right of C.
2 U is to the right and above C at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 J is positioned below and to the right of Y.
2 H is on the left side to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 C is below O and to the right of O.
2 N presents left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 L and J are parallel, and L on the left of J.
2 W is diagonally to the upper right of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	right	1
1 I is on the same horizontal plane directly left to S.
2 I is above L with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent I?	right	1
1 G is at the bottom and K is on the top.
2 R is over there and K is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent G?	overlap	1
1 L is positioned left to P.
2 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	left	1
1 M is diagonally right and below I.
2 V is at the 6 o'clock position relative to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent V?	right	1
1 G is sitting at the upper left position to Y.
2 Y and N are both there with the object Y above the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent N?	above	1
1 S is on the right side and below R.
2 S is directly above G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 R is slightly off center to the top left and E is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 E is to the top of C vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 K is above T with a small gap between them.
2 H is below T and to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 L is over there and V is on the left of it.
2 L presents over E.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 M is on the same vertical plane directly above P.
2 G is at the 6 o'clock position relative to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent G?	above	1
1 G is to the left of U and below U at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 Object O is below object U and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 L and V are parallel, and L is under V.
2 Z and V are in a vertical line with Z on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	above	1
1 I is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
2 I is on the right side to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	right	1
1 C is on the left side and above K.
2 K is directly south west of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 G is diagonally to the upper right of R.
2 R is to the right and above H at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 F is diagonally left and below N.
2 Y is sitting at the upper right position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 Q is on the left side to R.
2 N is lower left to R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Q?	right	1
1 The object B and R are there. The object R is above and slightly to the left of the object B.
2 The object R is upper and slightly to the left of the object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	overlap	1
1 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to B.
2 The object B is positioned directly below the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 C is positioned in the lower right corner of J.
2 J is placed at the bottom of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	below	1
1 W is to the top right of N.
2 N is above X at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent X?	above	1
1 C and T are side by side with C on the top and T at the bottom.
2 T and R are next to each other with R on the right and T on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 If U is the center of a clock face, V is located between 4 and 5.
2 V is to the right of B horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent V?	upper-left	1
1 K is sitting at the lower left position to L.
2 K is south east of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent K?	upper-left	1
1 Y is lower left to N.
2 Y is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 K and Y are both there with the object K above the object Y.
2 K and W are both there with the object W below the object K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 U and B are parallel, and U on the right of B.
2 A is to the bottom-right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent U?	right	1
1 G is below A at 7 o'clock.
2 U is to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is lower right of Q.
2 K is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 W is below and to the right of P.
2 W presents lower right to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 The object O is upper and slightly to the right of the object N.
2 O and A are horizontal and O is to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent A?	left	1
1 C is to the bottom-left of K.
2 X is at the 12 o'clock position relative to K.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 G is on the same vertical plane directly below E.
2 S is over there and E is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent S?	below	1
1 I is sitting at the 3:00 position to H.
2 Y is diagonally to the bottom left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent Y?	above	1
1 Z is to the top-right of S.
2 Object A is above object S and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 L is at the 3 o'clock position relative to O.
2 O is at the bottom of X vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	right	1
1 F and J are in a vertical line with F on top.
2 A is upper left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	above	1
1 Q is to the bottom right of K.
2 Z is to the bottom right of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 K is on the same horizontal plane directly right to T.
2 K is over there with Q above.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	right	1
1 T is to the right of Y.
2 O is at T's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	right	1
1 L is above G.
2 V is directly below L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	above	1
1 G is below Q and to the right of Q.
2 P is diagonally below G to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	upper-left	1
1 The object K is positioned below and to the left of the object Q.
2 K is at B's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 U and X are parallel, and U is under X.
2 O and U are parallel, and O is to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	below	1
1 R is at F's 3 o'clock.
2 F is sitting at the 3:00 position to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	left	1
1 D is positioned right to F.
2 D is placed at the lower left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 U is placed at the bottom of J.
2 U is on the left side of and below Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Y is over there and P is at the bottom of it.
2 Y and V are side by side with V at the bottom and Y on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent Y?	below	1
1 U is above F and to the left of F.
2 F is below V at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 D is on top of Y.
2 Q is to the top-left of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 E is to the bottom-left of V.
2 Q is over there and E is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 N is to the top right of I.
2 K is over there with N above.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 E is sitting at the upper left position to F.
2 The objects F and H are over there. The object F is above and slightly to the right of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	below	1
1 L is below O and to the right of O.
2 L is directly south east of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	overlap	1
1 W is to the top of M vertically.
2 The object S is upper and slightly to the left of the object W.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 I and K are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
2 K presents left to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 O is sitting at the top position to M.
2 Q is above O at 10 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	upper-left	1
1 E and O are side by side with E to the left and O to the right.
2 The object E is lower and slightly to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	right	1
1 F is placed at the upper left of O.
2 The object V is positioned below and to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 D is over there and F is on the right of it.
2 F is positioned above U and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent D?	below	1
1 The object H is lower and slightly to the right of the object D.
2 W is directly north west of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 H and R are parallel, and R is below H.
2 The object R is positioned above and to the left of object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 U is at Y’s 9 o'clock.
2 Y presents below P.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	right	1
1 A is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 Y presents below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	right	1
1 V and X are vertical and V is below X.
2 S is diagonally to the upper right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent X?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned below X and to the right.
2 F and N are parallel, and F is on top of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	lower-right	1
1 Z is placed at the lower left of A.
2 R and A are parallel, and R is to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Z?	above	1
1 Q is over there with H below.
2 H is above K at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 The object G is lower and slightly to the right of the object P.
2 R is lower right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 V is on the right and C is on the left.
2 R is on the left side and above C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the bottom of F and is on the same vertical plane.
2 H is sitting at the 6:00 position to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent K?	below	1
1 L is above D with a small gap between them.
2 M is to the upper left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 R is to the right of M horizontally.
2 Y is slightly off center to the top left and M is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Y is to the upper left of Z.
2 Y is lower right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 X is diagonally to the upper left of W.
2 X is there and C is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent C?	right	1
1 I is on the left side to V.
2 V is on the top of Y and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent I?	right	1
1 G is above L at 10 o'clock.
2 C is slightly off center to the top left and G is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 V is positioned below R and to the left.
2 The objects M and R are over there. The object M is lower and slightly to the left of the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent V?	lower-left	1
1 H is placed at the lower right of S.
2 S and R are parallel, and S on the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 H is south west of C.
2 L is below H at 4 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent L?	above	1
1 Q is to the right of D and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 Q is over there with N above.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 X is below A at 4 o'clock.
2 X and U are in a vertical line with U below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 U is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
2 V and T are parallel, and T is below V.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled P is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
2 R and I are parallel, and R is over I.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 Y is to the right of J with a small gap between them.
2 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent J?	left	1
1 The object labeled B is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
2 H is above R at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 X is placed at the lower right of K.
2 E is slightly off center to the top left and X is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 J is below R at 4 o'clock.
2 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled R.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 U is placed at the lower left of A.
2 L is on the left side and above A.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent L?	below	1
1 V is sitting at the lower right position to R.
2 I is over there and R is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent I?	above	1
1 S and X are side by side with S to the left and X to the right.
2 X is on the top of W and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent W?	above	1
1 H is diagonally below P to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 Object A is above object O and to the right of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 R and X are next to each other with R on the left and X on the right.
2 O is to the upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent R?	upper-left	1
1 L and Y are in a horizontal line with L on the left.
2 Y is to the left of I horizontally.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent L?	right	1
1 Q is on the lower left of W.
2 W is placed on the top of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-right	1
1 The object Y is upper and slightly to the left of the object M.
2 Y is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent Y?	lower-right	1
1 Object L is below object E and to the right of it, too.
2 D is on the right side and top of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 J is sitting at the 9:00 position of T.
2 W is lower left to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent W?	upper-right	1
1 B and L are side by side with B to the right and L to the left.
2 L is at A’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent B?	left	1
1 W is below Q.
2 Q is on the top and P is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 F is over there and B is at the bottom of it.
2 W is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent W?	below	1
1 M presents over G.
2 G is lower left to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent G?	upper-right	1
1 G is positioned left to D.
2 The object D is positioned directly above the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent D?	left	1
1 X and Y are parallel, and X is under Y.
2 B is below Y with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent X?	overlap	1
1 V and O are parallel, and V on the left of O.
2 W is below V at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent V?	right	1
1 K is there and E is at the 2 position of a clock face K.
2 X is positioned below E and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent K?	upper-right	1
1 V is placed in the right direction of F.
2 M is upper left of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	lower-right	1
1 C is placed at the upper right of O.
2 K and C are parallel, and C is below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Z is diagonally to the upper right of Q.
2 The objects Z and X are over there. The object Z is above and slightly to the right of the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 P is below J at 7 o'clock.
2 D is directly above P.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 H is directly north west of T.
2 T is on the upper right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent G?	above	1
1 I is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
2 W is on the left side and above T.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 B presents right to N.
2 If B is the center of a clock face, U is located between 10 and 11.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 H is directly above R.
2 H is over there and Z is directly above it.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent H?	above	1
1 H is north west of X.
2 N presents below X.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent N?	below	1
1 W and G are next to each other with W on the left and G on the right.
2 S is at the lower side of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	right	1
1 K is placed at the lower right of L.
2 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent H?	below	1
1 C and L are horizontal and C is to the right of L.
2 C is placed in the right direction of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	right	1
1 M is at a 45 degree angle to B, in the upper righthand corner.
2 P is placed at the lower left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 H is directly south west of O.
2 O is there and L is at the 2 position of a clock face O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The object P is positioned directly above the object L.
2 P is over there and R is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	left	1
1 Q is on the lower left of K.
2 Q is placed at the upper right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 B is diagonally below C to the right at a 45 degree angle.
2 C is sitting at the lower left position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 X is placed at the lower left of Y.
2 N is over there and Y is on the left of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	right	1
1 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled U.
2 G is on the right side to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent U?	right	1
1 O is over there and J is directly below it.
2 J presents right to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 The object K and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 The object H and Q are there. The object Q is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 T is below Y and to the left of Y.
2 X and T are parallel, and X is to the right of T.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 L and W are parallel, and L is to the left of W.
2 W is to the upper left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 D is there and Q is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 D and O are parallel, and D is to the right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent O?	left	1
1 P is below Q.
2 U is at the 3 o'clock position relative to Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent P?	above	1
1 C is positioned in the top left corner of T.
2 The object C is upper and slightly to the left of the object N.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 V is positioned below X.
2 U and X are next to each other with X on the right and U on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent X?	left	1
1 Object Z is above object L and to the left of it, too.
2 L and H are parallel, and L is over H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	upper-left	1
1 D is at the bottom of S vertically.
2 J is positioned below and to the right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	right	1
1 P is on the top side to K.
2 S is over there and P is on the right of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent K?	above	1
1 U presents upper left to X.
2 U is to the left of A and below A at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 O is to the bottom left of Z.
2 Q is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent Z?	overlap	1
1 U and H are parallel, and U on the right of H.
2 H and Y are parallel, and H is to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent H?	left	1
1 W is on the left and H is on the right.
2 A is on the top and W is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent W?	right	1
1 S is placed in the left direction of Q.
2 X is diagonally to the bottom left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent S?	right	1
1 M and V are next to each other with M on the left and V on the right.
2 M and W are next to each other with W on the right and M on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	overlap	1
1 L is placed at the upper right of Z.
2 R is at Z's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent R?	left	1
1 T is above J at 10 o'clock.
2 T is below H at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	above	1
1 G is to the top right of X.
2 G is directly south east of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 B and E are parallel, and E is below B.
2 B and R are both there with the object B is to the right of object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the left side and above V.
2 H is at the bottom of B vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent H?	right	1
1 E presents upper left to U.
2 E and B are next to each other with E on the left and B on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 G is directly north west of Y.
2 G is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	upper-left	1
1 S is diagonally right and below A.
2 W is sitting in the right direction of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	above	1
1 C is to the top of Q vertically.
2 The object C and S are there. The object C is below and slightly to the right of the object S.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the top-left of K.
2 F is positioned in the front right corner of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 C and R are next to each other with C on the top and R at the bottom.
2 R is diagonally to the upper right of H.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 X is below Y at 7 o'clock.
2 O is there and Y is at the 2 position of a clock face O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	lower-left	1
1 If C is the center of a clock face, U is located between 2 and 3.
2 The object U is lower and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent F?	below	1
1 E is on the right and K is on the left.
2 E is directly north east of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 E is above P and to the right of P.
2 Y is at P's 3 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
2 F is to the left of R and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent J?	overlap	1
1 F is above C with a small gap between them.
2 S is on the same horizontal plane directly right to C.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent S?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the bottom right of U.
2 T is to the bottom-left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 E is sitting at the lower left position to D.
2 D is over there and G is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	lower-left	1
1 S is diagonally to the bottom left of N.
2 A and N are side by side with N at the bottom and A on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent S?	upper-right	1
1 H and I are in a vertical line with H on top.
2 H is to the upper left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent H?	below	1
1 V is sitting at the 12:00 position to G.
2 The object G and W are there. The object W is above and slightly to the left of the object G.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	lower-right	1
1 O and D are side by side with O to the right and D to the left.
2 J is diagonally to the upper right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent D?	below	1
1 H and L are parallel, and H on the left of L.
2 D and L are next to each other with L at the bottom D on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent L?	above	1
1 H is to the upper left of C.
2 A is at C's 6 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the left of the object labeled T.
2 T is to the right and above N at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	lower-right	1
1 K is on the left side to O.
2 O and A are both there with the object A below the object O.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent O?	below	1
1 L is positioned down and to the left of V.
2 The object W is positioned above and to the left of object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent V?	left	1
1 T is lower left to L.
2 R is placed at the bottom of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 E presents over V.
2 E is over there and D is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	lower-left	1
1 Object O is below object I and to the right of it, too.
2 I is diagonally above L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	overlap	1
1 E is over there and W is at the bottom of it.
2 E is slightly off center to the top left and Z is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	upper-left	1
1 U is directly south west of W.
2 W is on the right side to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	left	1
1 A is positioned down and to the left of T.
2 The object labeled T is positioned to the left of the object labeled N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent T?	right	1
1 M is to the upper left of A.
2 M is to the bottom-right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 H is at L's 3 o'clock.
2 V is on the left side of and below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 The object labeled I is positioned to the left of the object labeled E.
2 W is at the bottom of E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent W?	above	1
1 J presents left to K.
2 K is directly south west of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 If T is the center of a clock face, G is located between 10 and 11.
2 T is south west of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent A?	left	1
1 E is south west of U.
2 T and U are parallel, and T is under U.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 E and C are parallel, and E on the right of C.
2 E is to the left of Y and is on the same horizontal plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	right	1
1 P and T are horizontal and P is to the right of T.
2 T is above M.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent M?	above	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object K.
2 K and V are next to each other with K on the left and V on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 K is positioned down and to the left of R.
2 The object R is positioned above and to the right of the object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent R?	lower-left	1
1 T is at the bottom of O.
2 O and Q are both there with the object O is to the left of object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 The objects K and G are over there. The object K is above and slightly to the right of the object G.
2 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 Y is on the top and N is at the bottom.
2 Y presents lower right to E.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Y?	below	1
1 L presents upper right to G.
2 G is to the bottom right of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent S?	lower-right	1
1 Q and N are parallel, and N is below Q.
2 Q is over there and I is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent Q?	below	1
1 The object T is positioned below and to the left of the object W.
2 T is over there and V is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent V?	below	1
1 I and N are side by side with I to the left and N to the right.
2 E and I are horizontal and E is to the left of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent E?	right	1
1 Object A is above object M and to the right of it, too.
2 O is sitting at the upper left position to M.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 U is on the lower left of M.
2 U is positioned in the front right corner of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent L?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the lower right of U.
2 B is below R and to the right of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent R?	overlap	1
1 F is lower left to B.
2 F is above M.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent M?	above	1
1 H and X are next to each other with H on the top and X at the bottom.
2 X is above and to the right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent X?	above	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of V.
2 D is placed at the upper left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 R is directly below V.
2 V is lower right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 E is to the upper left of K.
2 C is below K.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 Z is placed on the top of J.
2 The objects S and J are over there. The object S is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 L and Y are both there with the object L is to the left of object Y.
2 K is over there and Y is on the top of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	left	1
1 Y is on the same horizontal plane directly right to D.
2 D is positioned above H and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-right	1
1 K presents over S.
2 W is on the left side and above K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent S?	above	1
1 E presents over C.
2 E is on the same horizontal plane directly left to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	below	1
1 H presents below U.
2 G is sitting at the lower right position to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent U?	above	1
1 O is at the 6 o'clock position relative to W.
2 W and D are side by side with W to the left and D to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	above	1
1 K is placed at the lower left of V.
2 K is positioned above N and to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent K?	lower-left	1
1 I presents lower left to A.
2 J is placed at the upper left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent I?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the lower right position to N.
2 N and E are vertical and N is below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent N?	above	1
1 F and P are in a vertical line with F on top.
2 L is at the 9 o'clock position relative to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	left	1
1 T is over there and K is on the top of it.
2 M and T are next to each other with T on the right and M on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	above	1
1 A is lower left to U.
2 R is below A and to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent A?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at the bottom of E vertically.
2 Z is positioned above B and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent E?	lower-right	1
1 N and I are side by side with N to the left and I to the right.
2 N is to the right and above R at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent R?	above	1
1 X is below E with a small gap between them.
2 V is sitting at the lower position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent E?	below	1
1 G is over E.
2 R is positioned below and to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent G?	below	1
1 I presents upper right to W.
2 I and V are in a horizontal line with I on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent V?	left	1
1 R and E are in a horizontal line with E on the right.
2 The object L is positioned directly above the object R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	left	1
1 A is to the upper left of D.
2 F is above and to the right of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 W is above and to the right of A.
2 V is above W at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 Q is sitting at the upper right position to O.
2 P presents lower left to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 V is over there with G below.
2 X is diagonally to the upper right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent V?	below	1
1 C is on the top side to R.
2 The object M is positioned below and to the right of the object C.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	right	1
1 A is over there and X is at the bottom of it.
2 N and X are next to each other with X at the bottom N on the top.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent A?	below	1
1 U is to the left of V.
2 B is on the lower right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent U?	right	1
1 If M is the center of a clock face, X is located between 2 and 3.
2 R is sitting at the 9:00 position of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 B is on the top of R and is on the same vertical plane.
2 R is positioned down and to the left of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	upper-right	1
1 C is north west of L.
2 O is below and to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 O is at the 12 o'clock position relative to A.
2 N is to the right and above O at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent N?	lower-right	1
1 A is above I at 10 o'clock.
2 A is placed in the left direction of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	left	1
1 Z and F are both there with the object Z is to the right of object F.
2 The object labeled Z is positioned to the left of the object labeled J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent Z?	right	1
1 The object R is positioned below and to the right of the object U.
2 R is diagonally below W to the right at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 V is at a 45 degree angle to K, in the upper righthand corner.
2 V is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent T?	left	1
1 M is sitting in the left direction of G.
2 G is above and to the left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent M?	right	1
1 G is to the right of A horizontally.
2 U is over there with G above.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	lower-right	1
1 O is over there and C is on the top of it.
2 O is below G and to the right of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent G?	right	1
1 D is diagonally above F to the right at a 45 degree.
2 F is to the top of R vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent R?	above	1
1 M is on the left and Y is on the right.
2 W is at a 45 degree angle to Y, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent W?	above	1
1 R and Z are horizontal and R is to the left of Z.
2 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Z?	left	1
1 P is to the top of Q vertically.
2 Z is positioned above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	overlap	1
1 H is on the right side and below A.
2 J is below A with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent J?	right	1
1 J presents lower right to C.
2 J is to the bottom-left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent C?	lower-right	1
1 M is below and to the right of C.
2 C and B are horizontal and C is to the right of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent C?	right	1
1 Q is to the right of N with a small gap between them.
2 B is placed at the bottom of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent B?	lower-right	1
1 K is at the lower side of B.
2 If Z is the center of a clock face, K is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent K?	above	1
1 The object M is positioned below and to the left of the object Z.
2 M is over there and R is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent R?	left	1
1 The object Q and A are there. The object A is above and slightly to the left of the object Q.
2 I is below and to the left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent A?	below	1
1 U and B are horizontal and U is to the left of B.
2 S is at the 9 o'clock position relative to U.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	left	1
1 O presents over Y.
2 Y is to the bottom-left of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent O?	below	1
1 E and A are next to each other with A at the bottom E on the top.
2 E and W are side by side with E to the left and W to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent A?	above	1
1 B is above and to the right of C.
2 C and T are parallel, and T is below C.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 P is on the lower left of Z.
2 Z is to the right and above K at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent K?	lower-right	1
1 E is below Z at 7 o'clock.
2 M and Z are side by side with M to the left and Z to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 I is positioned in the lower left corner of S.
2 I is to the bottom right of N.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	right	1
1 Y is to the bottom-right of R.
2 A is to the upper left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent R?	lower-right	1
1 Y is diagonally to the upper right of X.
2 X and S are both there with the object S below the object X.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	right	1
1 P is positioned above and to the left of Z.
2 Z is to the right and above G at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	above	1
1 A is placed at the bottom of V.
2 A and J are parallel, and A on the left of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent A?	below	1
1 X is to the left of W and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 B is placed on the top of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent W?	upper-left	1
1 L is positioned below Y and to the right.
2 Y is over there with D above.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent D?	below	1
1 J is sitting at the lower right position to L.
2 The object labeled F is positioned to the left of the object labeled L.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 I is sitting at the upper left position to M.
2 I is placed on the top of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent I?	below	1
1 O is at a 45 degree angle to E, in the lower lefthand corner.
2 E is on the left side and above B.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 G is positioned below X.
2 X is above and to the left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	left	1
1 N is lower left to B.
2 B is on the right side to S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent B?	left	1
1 The object R is positioned directly above the object A.
2 L and A are both there with the object L is to the right of object A.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent R?	below	1
1 G and Y are both there with the object G is to the right of object Y.
2 G is on the lower left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	below	1
1 H is to the left of W.
2 O and H are vertical and O is above H.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 J is sitting at the 12:00 position to Y.
2 U is diagonally above Y to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent U?	right	1
1 P is over I.
2 P and U are both there with the object P above the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent I?	above	1
1 I is on the left and X is on the right.
2 N is above and to the right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent X?	left	1
1 W is diagonally to the upper right of S.
2 S and Z are next to each other with S on the top and Z at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent S?	lower-left	1
1 Y is over there and L is on the right of it.
2 U is on the right and L is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent Y?	right	1
1 Z is on the same horizontal plane directly right to W.
2 N is positioned below W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent N?	above	1
1 N and W are parallel, and W is below N.
2 Z presents over N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent W?	above	1
1 E and R are in a horizontal line with E on the left.
2 F is above R and to the left of R.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent E?	right	1
1 U is directly south west of G.
2 G is on the left side of and below E.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the left of K and below K at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 P is at the bottom of K vertically.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 M is directly south west of Z.
2 Z is sitting at the lower left position to X.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 The object M and E are there. The object M is below and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 E is positioned up and to the right of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 F is positioned below C and to the left.
2 P and F are both there with the object F below the object P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent F?	above	1
1 Y is below K.
2 Y and V are parallel, and Y on the left of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Y?	above	1
1 The object labeled Q is positioned to the left of the object labeled G.
2 Z is at a 45 degree angle to G, in the lower righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Q?	lower-right	1
1 U is at the 3 o'clock position relative to T.
2 T is over there and Y is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent T?	right	1
1 G is to the right and above T at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 T is diagonally left and below S.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent T?	upper-right	1
1 P is to the right of E with a small gap between them.
2 G is at a 45 degree angle to P, in the upper lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	above	1
1 O is on the right and C is on the left.
2 R is over there and O is directly below it.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent O?	above	1
1 E presents lower right to N.
2 The object D is positioned directly above the object E.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent E?	above	1
1 F is sitting at the 9:00 position of B.
2 J is on the same horizontal plane directly left to F.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent B?	left	1
1 V is on the left side to Q.
2 V is over there and G is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent V?	right	1
1 Object J is below object K and to the right of it, too.
2 D and K are vertical and D is above K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 D is on the upper right of Y.
2 S is placed in the right direction of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 B and I are next to each other with I at the bottom B on the top.
2 I is to the top-right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 L and P are side by side with L to the right and P to the left.
2 P is to the left of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent G?	left	1
1 F and G are in a horizontal line with G on the right.
2 G is on the right side and below J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent G?	upper-left	1
1 Y is to the right of U.
2 F is on the lower right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-right	1
1 D is to the top right of F.
2 I is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 P is to the upper left of T.
2 T is below U and to the right of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent T?	upper-left	1
1 Q and Z are side by side with Q to the left and Z to the right.
2 The object Z and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent Q?	above	1
1 V presents left to K.
2 Q is to the top-right of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent Q?	lower-left	1
1 T is positioned above and to the left of Y.
2 R presents upper right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent Y?	upper-right	1
1 The objects C and J are over there. The object C is lower and slightly to the left of the object J.
2 X is placed in the right direction of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent X?	left	1
1 The objects O and V are over there. The object O is lower and slightly to the left of the object V.
2 Q is below O and to the left of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 S is to the left of C.
2 C is to the right and above P at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent C?	left	1
1 F and O are in a vertical line with O below F.
2 F is there and L is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	left	1
1 The object E and U are there. The object U is above and slightly to the left of the object E.
2 The object U is upper and slightly to the right of the object F.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 F is placed at the bottom of Q.
2 F is sitting at the upper right position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	above	1
1 Z and R are in a vertical line with Z on top.
2 R is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent R?	below	1
1 V is diagonally left and below X.
2 X is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent X?	left	1
1 M is positioned in the top left corner of T.
2 If T is the center of a clock face, X is located between 4 and 5.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent X?	upper-left	1
1 S is to the left of P and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 P and M are parallel, and P is to the left of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	right	1
1 M and O are in a horizontal line with M on the left.
2 Z is to the top-right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper right of Y.
2 Y is diagonally left and below F.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent F?	lower-left	1
1 W and S are horizontal and W is to the left of S.
2 The object labeled W is positioned to the right of the object labeled B.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent W?	right	1
1 R is above J at 10 o'clock.
2 R is above U at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	left	1
1 G is on the same horizontal plane directly left to T.
2 U is positioned right to T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent U?	left	1
1 The object Z is upper and slightly to the right of the object X.
2 M is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent Z?	lower-left	1
1 Y is at the 9 o'clock position relative to V.
2 V is to the top-right of X.
3 What is the relation of the agent V to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 J is on the top side to O.
2 D is to the left of J and below J at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent D?	right	1
1 N is above R at 2 o'clock.
2 T is over there with R above.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent N?	lower-left	1
1 C is placed at the lower left of K.
2 C is there and E is at the 10 position of a clock face.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent E?	upper-right	1
1 G is below P at 7 o'clock.
2 E is over there and P is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent E?	below	1
1 H and R are vertical and H is below R.
2 R is lower left to Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent R?	below	1
1 A is diagonally right and above I.
2 P and A are side by side with P on the top and A at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent P?	below	1
1 B is positioned above U.
2 B is over there with K below.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent K?	overlap	1
1 C presents lower right to I.
2 Z and I are parallel, and Z is over I.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent I?	lower-right	1
1 Q and P are parallel, and Q on the right of P.
2 Q is positioned above U and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent U?	above	1
1 S is upper left of E.
2 S and X are side by side with S to the left and X to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent E?	above	1
1 N is at the 12 o'clock position relative to D.
2 G is positioned above D.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent D?	above	1
1 A is at the 12 o'clock position relative to U.
2 R and A are parallel, and R is over A.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent A?	below	1
1 G is positioned above T and to the left.
2 T is diagonally right and above J.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 L is below and to the left of B.
2 G and L are parallel, and G is to the right of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 U is lower right of Y.
2 Z is below and to the right of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent U?	upper-left	1
1 L is to the top of C vertically.
2 Q and L are horizontal and Q is to the left of L.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 O is on the right side to G.
2 Object O is below object Q and to the left of it, too.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent G?	right	1
1 Object R is below object Y and to the right of it, too.
2 Z and Y are both there with the object Z above the object Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent Z?	below	1
1 D is there and F is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 D is sitting at the upper right position to A.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 H is on the lower right of D.
2 U is to the right and above D at an angle of about 45 degrees.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent H?	upper-left	1
1 Y is sitting at the upper left position to A.
2 A is to the upper left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent B?	upper-left	1
1 If H is the center of a clock face, C is located between 7 and 8.
2 N is to the right of C.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-left	1
1 K is over there and Z is on the top of it.
2 K is at the 3 o'clock position relative to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent I?	right	1
1 V is to the bottom-right of R.
2 D is slightly off center to the top left and V is slightly off center to the bottom right.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 C is sitting in the right direction of Q.
2 C is to the upper left of D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent D?	upper-left	1
1 Y and L are both there with the object Y is to the right of object L.
2 Z is over there and L is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent L?	left	1
1 M is positioned above L and to the right.
2 L is over there and S is at the bottom of it.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent S?	above	1
1 F is positioned left to A.
2 F is at the 12 o'clock position relative to H.
3 What is the relation of the agent A to the agent F?	right	1
1 S is to the bottom right of Y.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled D.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	above	1
1 F is below B with a small gap between them.
2 B is positioned up and to the right of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 J is to the left of Z and is on the same horizontal plane.
2 T is at the lower side of J.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent J?	right	1
1 S is at the bottom and R is on the top.
2 N is below R at 7 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent S to the agent N?	right	1
1 O presents lower left to E.
2 O and H are in a vertical line with O on top.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent E?	lower-left	1
1 V and J are parallel, and J is below V.
2 U is at V’s 9 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent U to the agent J?	upper-left	1
1 J is at the bottom and K is on the top.
2 K is placed at the upper left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	above	1
1 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to W.
2 W is placed in the right direction of Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	lower-left	1
1 B is above and to the right of Y.
2 Q is to the upper left of B.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent B?	lower-left	1
1 Z is at a 45 degree angle to J, in the upper righthand corner.
2 R is on the right side to J.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent R?	left	1
1 F is positioned below O and to the right.
2 M is sitting at the 12:00 position to O.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 F is to the left of S with a small gap between them.
2 R is placed in the right direction of F.
3 What is the relation of the agent R to the agent F?	right	1
1 C is positioned in the lower right corner of Z.
2 E is at C's 12 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	upper-left	1
1 P is to the left of U with a small gap between them.
2 C and P are parallel, and C is to the left of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent P?	left	1
1 Y is positioned below O and to the left.
2 O is to the upper left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent O?	lower-right	1
1 Q is over there with F below.
2 F is positioned above L and to the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent F?	lower-right	1
1 X is to the top right of C.
2 X is on the right side to B.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent B?	below	1
1 V is over there with O below.
2 V is at the bottom of L and is on the same vertical plane.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent V?	below	1
1 X is there and J is at the 10 position of a clock face.
2 J is to the left of L and below L at approximately a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent J to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 The objects E and O are over there. The object E is above and slightly to the right of the object O.
2 E is directly below U.
3 What is the relation of the agent E to the agent U?	below	1
1 The object L is lower and slightly to the left of the object W.
2 P presents right to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 Q is above T and to the right of T.
2 W is to the upper left of Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 T is above and to the right of J.
2 T is positioned in the front right corner of G.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 If Z is the center of a clock face, P is located between 2 and 3.
2 R is to the top right of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent P?	lower-left	1
1 N is positioned below M and to the left.
2 N is positioned left to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent M?	upper-right	1
1 U is at C’s 9 o'clock.
2 U is at a 45 degree angle to O, in the lower lefthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 Z is to the left of S and below S at approximately a 45 degree angle.
2 M and S are side by side with M to the left and S to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent M to the agent S?	left	1
1 E is below Y and to the right of Y.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the right of the object labeled T.
3 What is the relation of the agent T to the agent Y?	left	1
1 X is positioned above O and to the right.
2 X is below and to the left of S.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent O?	upper-right	1
1 N and G are parallel, and N on the left of G.
2 If N is the center of a clock face, T is located between 7 and 8.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent N?	right	1
1 O is on the top and J is at the bottom.
2 J is on the same horizontal plane directly right to L.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	lower-left	1
1 T is to the right and above A at an angle of about 45 degrees.
2 A is sitting at the 3:00 position to N.
3 What is the relation of the agent N to the agent A?	left	1
1 K is on the lower left of G.
2 W is positioned in the front right corner of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent G to the agent W?	overlap	1
1 J is south east of Y.
2 J is placed at the bottom of M.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent M?	upper-left	1
1 A is diagonally below O to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 B and O are vertical and B is above O.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 J presents lower left to K.
2 W is over there and J is on the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent J?	upper-right	1
1 W is to the upper left of A.
2 G is placed at the upper left of W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent A?	upper-left	1
1 Z is placed at the bottom of C.
2 The object Z is positioned above and to the left of object D.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent C?	above	1
1 The object O is lower and slightly to the right of the object E.
2 E is diagonally below L to the left at a 45 degree angle.
3 What is the relation of the agent L to the agent O?	above	1
1 O is to the left of Z.
2 C is diagonally to the upper left of Z.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent C?	below	1
1 F presents upper left to Q.
2 Z is above F at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent Q?	upper-left	1
1 D is diagonally to the upper right of K.
2 D and L are both there with the object D is to the right of object L.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent D?	upper-right	1
1 U is sitting at the lower position to N.
2 The objects Q and U are over there. The object Q is lower and slightly to the left of the object U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	lower-left	1
1 A is above P with a small gap between them.
2 Y is on the right side and top of A.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent P?	upper-right	1
1 U is diagonally to the bottom left of X.
2 X is at a 45 degree angle to D, in the upper righthand corner.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent U?	upper-right	1
1 B is above S with a small gap between them.
2 S is on the right side and top of V.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent V?	upper-right	1
1 I and G are in a vertical line with G below I.
2 W is positioned in the lower left corner of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent G?	left	1
1 W is directly north west of F.
2 W is on the right and R is on the left.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent R?	right	1
1 F is diagonally above X to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 X presents lower right to D.
3 What is the relation of the agent F to the agent D?	overlap	1
1 Y and O are parallel, and Y is to the right of O.
2 O is above H with a small gap between them.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent Y?	right	1
1 K is above A at 2 o'clock.
2 Z and A are side by side with Z to the left and A to the right.
3 What is the relation of the agent K to the agent A?	upper-right	1
1 O is sitting at the top position to T.
2 The object M is upper and slightly to the right of the object T.
3 What is the relation of the agent O to the agent T?	above	1
1 J and I are horizontal and J is to the right of I.
2 Y is positioned in the lower left corner of I.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent I?	lower-left	1
1 R is below X at 7 o'clock.
2 R is on the same horizontal plane directly right to P.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent R?	left	1
1 G is slightly off center to the top left and I is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 G is on the same horizontal plane directly right to Y.
3 What is the relation of the agent I to the agent G?	lower-right	1
1 E is over there and F is at the bottom of it.
2 F and Q are vertical and F is above Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent F?	below	1
1 C is below and to the right of H.
2 The object H and L are there. The object L is above and slightly to the left of the object H.
3 What is the relation of the agent C to the agent H?	lower-right	1
1 G is sitting at the upper right position to Z.
2 G is on the top and Y is at the bottom.
3 What is the relation of the agent Z to the agent Y?	left	1
1 The object labeled M is positioned to the right of the object labeled L.
2 L is sitting at the upper left position to W.
3 What is the relation of the agent W to the agent L?	lower-right	1
1 H is diagonally above E to the left at a 45 degree angle.
2 P is diagonally right and below H.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent E?	upper-left	1
1 Q is slightly off center to the top left and L is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 If X is the center of a clock face, Q is located between 2 and 3.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent X?	upper-right	1
1 H and D are both there with the object H above the object D.
2 The object labeled Y is positioned to the left of the object labeled H.
3 What is the relation of the agent Y to the agent H?	left	1
1 B is below Z and to the right of Z.
2 B presents lower left to I.
3 What is the relation of the agent B to the agent Z?	lower-right	1
1 R is diagonally to the upper right of E.
2 The object R and Q are there. The object R is below and slightly to the right of the object Q.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent E?	left	1
1 The object labeled X is positioned to the left of the object labeled O.
2 L is to the top-right of O.
3 What is the relation of the agent X to the agent L?	lower-left	1
1 P is positioned above Y.
2 Y is above C at 2 o'clock.
3 What is the relation of the agent P to the agent C?	upper-right	1
1 S is slightly off center to the top left and P is slightly off center to the bottom right.
2 D is placed at the bottom of P.
3 What is the relation of the agent D to the agent S?	right	1
1 C and H are side by side with C on the top and H at the bottom.
2 H is to the upper left of K.
3 What is the relation of the agent H to the agent C?	below	1
1 X is diagonally to the bottom left of U.
2 Q is sitting in the left direction of U.
3 What is the relation of the agent Q to the agent U?	left	1
